review_id : MCIFzj91yv9z6y1aIJ5YkA
I might try another service from them someday.
review_id : dsjNHyHmg4CwKK8GSt79rA
 When I paid for service she came out to the front desk to do something and I told her my name and that I was her original client, etc.,  She didn't really say anything to me.
review_id : x8j0ojifDghLhtmQ_gktYA
We received similar service to that when I was there for my wedding.
review_id : TwZRapTqd2YY8uadn_YG4A
However even though the customer service was mediocre I continued using this salon because they did a good job on acrylic nails.
review_id : BBrFJ5RUk4IjuKLWLIvi6g
Including rushing through my polish, making the coverage uneven, and skipping the top coat to get to this girl's service (which I suppose I'd understand if I had been late to my appointment or something, but I wasn't).
review_id : BBrFJ5RUk4IjuKLWLIvi6g
So I just walked out, having already paid the tax on the groupon before the service (and having chosen not to tip because she couldn't be bothered to finish my service or even acknowledge that I was leaving).
review_id : YSw2n4QTB17a5-SmjM3sPw
As well, I have paid for the service as per the deal they offered.
review_id : fGYYVzF8_LwlwbWaQvAQXA
Which I have never done! I love it when the massouse is not chatty cathy! She asked a few question in regards to my service then never talked to me again! That is very important to me.
review_id : 7bHQr_4zYqfztrRFiWxe7Q
 I know other salons in the area usually add that service as part of the basic package.
review_id : fqaIV79L14pB_U2HEhb6Dg
Overall ok nail place but you do have to pay attention to the service in case there are issues.
review_id : stEHtr9D4ThcjgyayOOTFQ
I was expecting the service to be complimentary as I still had a fill left on my Groupon.
review_id : aNUMInWhqYDvSlIEJE3wmQ
There is no doubt that your 1st visit at SportClips will be amazing because will will get their MVP package which includes hot towel service and back massage.
review_id : ml1gjq3VFn3hq4GUyb7EhQ
In fact, the service was non-existent.
review_id : yZtNMnrsIhYfb4LRTiGmSA
Please fix your online appointment capabilities, people like myself who are busy and travel LOVE being able to do things online :) this service (to me) sets you apart.
review_id : mtCxCA-MNNhdp1R7yKvE9Q
I've read other reviews saying that you don't get a full 60 minute service and this is very true.
review_id : Vys_K1n9FcimVz7zPqyPgQ
Unfortunately I was unaware they do a 40 min service regardless of what is needed.
review_id : 8ZW9fH2YC4EiheTHY3mLWA
 It really depends on who provided the service I guess.
review_id : tisp_du1ZMinEaKYOUlzfg
The perk is that you can use their gym if you get a service with glow.
review_id : KMzTg7YJDwTgxgA-yC-M-A
If scheduling more than one service ex.
review_id : KMzTg7YJDwTgxgA-yC-M-A
No money off the service for making you wait .
review_id : SIF54fSuVqJib49dusF8SA
 Didn't need to wait at all for the service on a Thursday morning just before lunch.
review_id : CkSOY8xWn0g04tC0gn4ixw
I sat there for awhile before they asked me what service I wanted.
review_id : yFch5o7L2H-UysAzs6LQig
 I have worked in the service industry and understand the automatic need\/want to defend yourself when you've made a mistake, but I was next to my husband and I know for a fact he did not mention the honeymoon or that it was our last day over the phone.
review_id : MgS4T3Oj-l3DzMzsmRbOKQ
 I decided to go back and use one of my new coupons for a second pedicure -- same great service and quality.
review_id : ysUkGxuPouoYrLiT_gZIQw
 During the night I'm sure things relax a bit and perhaps the customer service isn't as pretentious.
review_id : 082CCT4TFRSc8nD25EN9Rw
As far as the actual service both of us enjoyed the pedicure and the color we choose.
review_id : vwvxtUil1fmDl1LncPcsog
I made sure to check the Forum shops directory, in addition to even calling the customer service office just to make sure.
review_id : 2KLCPTW0EPQfyobHxdLE3Q
While Nic was amazing,  but I cannot see losing time off of my service for an organizational problem.
review_id : L1XP5GDxv21M467yuyfThw
I was given a hair history card to fill out and was taken for service on time.
review_id : 3pnpz_kIgyzfh30azeVaMw
 My God, that's 52 years!  I found over the years that the customer service is not the same as it was back then and I miss the Miracol facials and using that product daily like was once common practice.
review_id : dp69v9WOh7J9ucP1lsZRdQ
I work in customer service and believe me..
review_id : JDoHpaHZL23WhjWYTW6EMQ
Their wax irratates my skin Costumer service depends on wich esthetician you get, you either get an esthetician that is talkative and will talk to you to help you forget about the pain or one that will stay silent the whole time.
review_id : imwnQpwGgLwYMvrY5jfQpQ
This nail salon is new and was offering 50% off one service within the first two weeks of opening so I decided to give them a try.
review_id : ow0w1iirGyGkhmj3hzd53w
I have to be honest though- the service varies.
review_id : qO2_dar1Yrsac9KlmEd7Yg
Given the level of service and personal satisfaction, overall 3 stars.
review_id : R2h6d6tfYQpGeYpX096OVA
I thought I'd give their other location a try (the three locations are run by different family members)....not busy, got in right away, and no sneaky $5 service add-ons.
review_id : OCW8HrNDd1cbE4zFSmv6yg
What I will say is that there wasn't anyone waiting for a service so I guess it was okay just not tactful in my opinion.
review_id : kKEEDdjRFpWZl5zQRxrjUA
She talked through my whole service in another language.
review_id : vfY45af_iY3nfoVUw2moBQ
Tip:  I know this shouldn't make a difference, but I didn't mention the fact that I came on a gift certificate!  We tipped anyway, but perhaps the person performing the service may think otherwise.
review_id : PuhEMbnzaEanEEb426AJCA
Again, I don't have other salons or spas to compare with, but it seemed like a good, basic service with a few little extras.
review_id : 7MaPVnmdeYrhrCQ5S_ndPw
The service here was average, the girls just chatted with one another and didn't really create conversation with me or my friend.
review_id : Nx1L0zST6DEJy0vO5h85Dg
They have many service combination options, or you can come in for individual treatments.
review_id : Nx1L0zST6DEJy0vO5h85Dg
 The staff keep up to date on their training, and often have training sessions that regular customers can be invited to in order to try their newest service offerings.
review_id : Clx5V-avHnrYoEYsuC8CqA
I came for my appointment in the middle of the day, so desk service was quick.
review_id : 8EaXydIChCZnj96Fpql9rQ
I attended a wedding days after my service and so many friends and relatives commented on
review_id : uPyUcYrGpFofMnlQcKhcKw
 And the service states 55 min, I was out in 30 min.
review_id : H-AeG2eReJ0Ob5yPys3AVw
Customer service was mediocre.
review_id : bWQ9MW6_9CsQFH-A3bESQw
 Oh!  Also, just an FYI - you can pay for the service with a credit card, but the tip must be in cash.
review_id : YJAG8-dG_kWVQmD29cMX4g
however, you get what you pay for - the service is mediocre and the place is dingy.
review_id : BW-oMvFsSKFdoUkk_jagMQ
If they have a cancellation policy that requires a customer to pay 50% cost of the fee if they cancel less than 24 hours in advance, then when their technicians \"cancel\" their appointments on the same day, they should offer to reschedule the service with the technician that cancelled, or another one, at 50% of the original price.
review_id : HZgZdNwXZDsECqzM7V9qhg
She was given the service by a man, who asked her no questions.
review_id : fK9kAosxzOG5qhaZB_SL3g
 Don't work in customer service if you're going to trip about a nail polish change.
review_id : 6n6NNjeMBJui2ih51HDo0g
As soon as you walk in the door, someone greets you, asks what service you are in need of and then lets you know if they can fit you in.
review_id : anGZSymCCFnxGbMd0xkGgg
The 3 stars goes to 1 for decor, 2 cleanliness and 3 go to the service provided.
review_id : OijlFYUR3KHTor2SXZkjRA
 I think if I go back, I will call a few days ahead and only get one service on the day.
review_id : AuRp6hZx75R49_XTZcEUDA
I was contacted by customer service to help resolve the issue.
review_id : I9r_lWPrOGCS6LXZZ4YU3g
Uptown nails is a roulette when it comes to the customer service aspect.
review_id : jzAL0DQ4oagUHzdFFZXBTA
She calmed me down (I was pissed) and helped me find what I was looking for and even gave me samples to combat the service I received.
review_id : zKbKB6mshV-RuPCkJQxRlw
Here some comparison: they offer microneedling for 350$, when the same procedure at Beachwood Goldman's place you can do the same service around 250-280$.
review_id : zKbKB6mshV-RuPCkJQxRlw
After entering to the room where my facial supposed to be, the service lady asked me to lie down on the chair.
review_id : M3BdakZQWqNAAstDqZhcSA
While I did my time in customer service I always made it a point to make sure that I greeted everyone that walked through the door and I don't feel like that's the priority of the staff at the salon.
review_id : 9Zo9FCU9atd39Qq3SSdTzQ
A good portion of the staff do not talk to their clients except to ask basic question on the service .Their work is good but they rush through and I find that they don't care what the client request .i have a fill done every three weeks but they continually do not cut the skin around the cuticles.
review_id : DE8o1rAJxtXI9RQQn-IkrQ
Quality of service varies depending on who you get.
review_id : HOkxCyCSufzzWA5caSO-NA
That's the service and vibe I got from them.
review_id : U1Y24WI7XsDJ1pyQOfyZDQ
 I hate going to corporate chains, especially for any type of service (in this case, grooming).
review_id : GABPnKwRyzgSl8_WfubThQ
On the fourth visit though, I had a 4 PM reservation, arrived 10 min early and waited until fifteen after with no service before I decided to leave.
review_id : rmyAPUoy1cG4p8ThLjDHpw
Let's see how their customer service is.
review_id : JrnWjWi4AJlerljD508Ezg
So I work in the food service industry & most companies require you to have gel powder & gel polish, so while I was waiting I checked the prices & it said:
review_id : 16cw2W8d58MQaFjMQHj1yw
You pay $5 to get a full set removed if you're getting another service done.
review_id : wmawypKHdsEcSTtnnQ_d0w
 The stars are based on past service which is hit or miss.
review_id : wXz9ssWHeHIn-9nuv5Iy-w
The service could be faster a bit.
review_id : S_e31emHGKzaUT7ciuBpiA
They service water of course and then also this tasteless watered down green tea...or at least I think it was green tea.
review_id : 8vYrFnHEUU3zOWdK8AnzqA
I paid for this service and can't get there just anytime I want I have to work with my schedule.
review_id : 94txEzIKCTl6eKGf7lJ4HQ
The only downside is the staff don't talk enough other than the obligatory \"how do you want your hair cut?\"...not much customer service really: something that needs to be improved.
review_id : IOQz203p7skBdL2ChZNORg
I would rate this place 3 considering the pros and cons, but the service itself gets 2 stars.
review_id : s3vqR-meD5Dps_xwVqXSpA
I have to agree to get a service in a separate room is much better...
review_id : gQqygbEYpscVIbwbmuOEOQ
 Sadly, a family friend passed away the week prior to our date and the memorial service was the same day as our appointment, causing us to cancel.
review_id : ZsNqiV0gKI2AufqVRgDQ2w
They are not very direct with how much they will charge you - they put certain prices on their price menu but will charge extra for every single service - if you want to know how much you are going to get charged make sure you tell them to give u final price - I went in for a 90$ service and got charged 130$ not including gratuity.
review_id : asX-GndGULFMSh9mcQMRnw
 Good customer service is when you don't assume anything about your client and you ask them how they are doing through the process.
review_id : qSoAF7ZbHitZbAVOsqEtcg
Only writing this review bc I have been struggling to find a good barber since my guy moved to Georgia about that time & I feel anyone in the same boat as me should get honest reviews from ppl so they know what kind of service other ppl have gotten & they can make a good decision when it comes to where they spend their money.
review_id : SnxqqbLuZNR3KPQe-ZMuEQ
Decided to show up in person to see if I'd have better luck as I needed room for my friend too, but the English isn't stellar (hey, no one is obliging them to be but they are in the service industry and it's nice to know you are being understood when you take the time to smile, speak slowly and ask your questions coherently).
review_id : SnxqqbLuZNR3KPQe-ZMuEQ
I feel that part of the relaxation is not having to worry that the 'voucher' will be semi-interpretted, or they treat you differently because you're using one, or service is left out in terms of welcoming you and making you feel at-ease and even pampered during the treatment.
review_id : rkkr7JYsZlSmX9y5hKAJTQ
It's been a couple of years since I had gotten a service done from Flirt Custom Lash.
review_id : A8v_T5eJUxQ-g4viMpNvVg
 They use exactly the same laser as the other place but the customer service is not what it should be.
review_id : q1Fk5HNir3BSe7HXYsqNjw
 I should note that the whole service took less than an hour.
review_id : 43cTx1xpPegS_LkAeBjxLg
The word \"spa\" made me think they offered an extended list of services, but besides nails, the other service is waxing.
review_id : NTUf9uj0_iRMtJW7kaoLRQ
Multiple floors with every service you can think of for a day spa.
review_id : Pua3MRNYXsxvB5z6VqLHcg
When I went to check out the owner was on the phone and I had questions regarding products to buy and prices for another massage, but she placed her call on hold, checked me out and was back on the phone without asking me any follow up at all or even how my service was.
review_id : Q20EBl1TiQaprp0lX3B-yw
The beautician asked me what kind of service I'm looking for & I told her I wanted to do eyebrow shaping & tinting so she went ahead with tinting first.
review_id : D4nI23rqu9reUztgIV_DrQ
 I understand that different stylist will have different price structures, but I wish I would have known before I had the service done.
review_id : iUzHTkCXW7B2y1q-rC2m3Q
- Free with any service (Required) 
review_id : 4Jh9T8uwQRJz-wItV5vfaQ
Anyways, you won't get much customer service compared to department stores.
review_id : VzByVz81L5MnCDX9OL1kWg
Also, the service isn't all there.
review_id : scIUYsTPZvSLyOkzlvowvw
I was charged $5 more for my service than last time.
