review_id : LMK0TUdGBjZtfOT2GO63pw
The full service car wash.
review_id : 7ZIsULx1spxAWKAHn9i3vw
They don't offer full service but can refer out .
review_id : dBOszPhmsv-qqYQvEvw-vw
The company works on their customer service to try and explain why they do what they do.
review_id : ZtSP6xVhEuQV4iNxLkG6vw
They will further look into how they can improve their customer service with the entire staff so this will not happen to another customer.
review_id : ZnAqs7ATxozOYoj4kkFxGA
I was told by Embrace customer service that age is a factor for premium increase.
review_id : RjFJqVSWZSR_f5lxBIldZw
Took my girls there today, and am not nearly as impressed with the service at Arrowhead as compared to Litchfield.
review_id : VJSHM4oy3oP1S2sWVJwAQQ
Wash them furbabies, and you good to go! I did ask for a furminator service to remove as much shedding as possible.
review_id : szwwFgGbsWi8Rh0wNh7BVg
I would have liked to give the service a try but there are other options available.
review_id : TAfuCtNx2aF9LXYfl3Qy5A
2- you can also view your pooch's day via webcam (a great service IMO).
review_id : X545Wvj1_00GxL9ckOpxyQ
How the caring and service has changed since it has changed ownership.
review_id : 7YT-pNtEUyBlzh8X5qBUag
 I called at 12:45pm only to get the answering service and find out the practice is closed.
review_id : 7YT-pNtEUyBlzh8X5qBUag
 Wtf?  I had the answering service page the doctor on call to find out if they could find out for me, and lo and behold it was Dr Sarah.
review_id : 7YT-pNtEUyBlzh8X5qBUag
 She literally had the balls to tell the answering service to tell me, \"Tell her to call back on Monday.\"  Are you kidding me?  You tell a cat's owner, whose cat just came off a life-threatening situation, to wait 2 days to get urgently needed kidney results?\"  I called the VCA emergency vet who handled my cat, and they said not to wait until Monday to get results (I agreed).
review_id : rv6ViVoxNap6IinpTu4dYw
 No matter which service I was using, I would get the email updates that they are still waiting for the vet to approve the order(s).
review_id : pHJfaL0bE2xxlsCBEt0XrQ
 I told her about my bad experience the next weekend and she admitted to me service was off because sales were not normal.
review_id : ajMLUdNE-IUWOcjAGoU5tg
Anyway, an hour later the groomer returned my dog and stated that the amount was now $10 more than I paid last time for the same service (4 weeks prior).
review_id : E_mybBMgwKNXnltjxG3yoA
Since I have started with the company the service has been up and down.
review_id : IdYrEBAX-PpB1Sv2bFXuGw
 I am now working customer service in the hospitality industry.
review_id : boKcobMrO_foATJhZ9Yzgg
I have lived in the area for years and seen this store go through ups and downs in terms of customer service and product availability.
review_id : O57rdBxAwY2WSd6Fk3Tm1w
I trusted that I would receive the same service in his Yelp reviews.
review_id : pT2Vv6f94OVEAASgkBwTHg
 Offer self pet cleaning service .
review_id : RRc5ZafRglcdbcQg18k3bg
Requested 1 time service over the phone.
review_id : RRc5ZafRglcdbcQg18k3bg
 Received multiple notices of service via text message.
review_id : 3SyCUBNY73gK1j78cCUj-Q
 I think I'll take her in for the half-day playtime service so she can get some socialization and a change of scenery.
review_id : g67tTAjSsGc42ReobzF2Vg
I am very thankful to have LA Pet Grooming in my neighborhood as they always provide excellent service and my little Cavalier Spaniel LOVES going there.
review_id : Ukm1VRt4p7GEOowlz6KNqA
 I recommend you give her an opportunity to service your puppy.
review_id : g4r4VaYeE-HwJw8vZn6tvg
" This is not a review of the service because we never got to that.
review_id : g4r4VaYeE-HwJw8vZn6tvg
 Just a review of customer service I was provided.
review_id : LdWVfTpXWuGwLrVwwm8bmQ
Chris takes the time to hear about Brie (my goldendoodle) and what kind of grooming service I would like every time we come in.
review_id : lVD0gD3eKZHrAqj-91NMSg
 A bargain in my book! I wish I had known about this service years ago! Gina even accommodated me by coming in on a non scheduled day to get Cassie's shedding under control before we had to leave to visit family in California.
review_id : 4Sb5e333ierqiYhtKexx9Q
 The difference is that i moved on and found service that suited my needs.
review_id : VjdQJf3KDlXGtGe2wZEgCQ
 Was suppose to get a call from the pharmacy, on the day of service no call from the Pharmacy.
review_id : 6YX4JV1dR0IcQ_PTJ6r9_Q
I used Barbie's pet setting service when I was out of town during Thanksgiving for my two kitties.
review_id : EqWRR4mb_q5JD81mJxHgUw
I trusted that I would receive the same service in his Yelp reviews.
review_id : xu1mN_zWzrpitch5CbKv9w
 We adopted our Parker from the humane society at 13 weeks old and I spent days trying to find the right place to send him for training to become an authentic service dog to help my children.
review_id : FvnTOjL6I9oZqQmsxW3giQ
Disclaimer: this review is not about the actual service they provide.
review_id : SRzf0-uG_kPByrrHnkJGtg
com for my pet supplies, they know what customer service is.
review_id : kKbgTKqVi95ufji7gNie6w
 No need to ask for customers service cuz it will take you no where .
review_id : eWPYy1_yjgFyROL1yQ6AUQ
I understand it's the holiday season, but customer service 101 is to respond to email and phone calls.
review_id : 87GmLuyNVnEYWEWv5eQLGg
 My Ellie ( who is a service dog in training) is only nine months and she is always making me proud by how mild mannered and sweet she is.
review_id : pK_lfCIFmek-GK6Y34AK1g
 Prior to opening her salon with Julia, Brandy had a mobile service and would come to our house.
review_id : HuZvqAsHxj79xVowSYwbXQ
Barbies pet sitting came through in a pinch! Excellent customer service over the phone.
review_id : HbtDZ8dTqNK5YI7zgRVSUw
ZERO STARS!! This place advertises 24 hour service but we haven't received a call back in over 24 hours.
review_id : lj779b6iVbqVlELHQ7Wy6g
I had the opportunity to meet Austin with the Dog Knowledge and a service dog in training named Trusty.
review_id : aUcHDX5WgUXw6_8vPy9AMg
I booked Bella's Pet Sitting service for a trip I had planned and was counting on using them to watch my three little dogs.
review_id : C8ciXOc2Lfg3c4LY0ifbfg
I got the service plan for my new puppy.
review_id : lfy47B-V3XL2WqTIxCBm-w
  The woman I spoke with to make the appointment was nice enough on the phone, told me the cost of each service and product, and scheduled me in.
review_id : KWCascr2hI3Ypvc1bhoVNQ
Linda was referred to me by another groomer who doesn't service the area I just moved to, the north west side.
review_id : -bil4LtA05wKfvtiFbz3iw
 You can tell that customer service is their focus.
review_id : NtWdSgBubna--fbMfjDtvA
  Love Mikes service and will continue to use him for as long as he's willing to walk our two babies.
review_id : 8bj1FKJ2tSZ_RWQCrlMGRQ
you should service any customer as you don't know if they might be able to provide the perfect home for these dogs.
review_id : uyHZTsPaB-5VeVKbSirX8g
  I'm looking to pay a dog daycare service for 6 days a week for the next three months and I'm happy to take my business elsewhere.
review_id : kiqzHeliYQjCt2IMM-G-iw
 Ensure expectations on both ends are clearly defined before using this service if you do decide to move forward after reading my experience.
review_id : kiqzHeliYQjCt2IMM-G-iw
 Although she verbally agreed to refund me on the phone, she later emailed me a lengthy, lengthy email critiquing my original paperwork, which included different dates of service prior to my finalized dates and even pets I no longer had for her to care for.
review_id : IQd-dpcT4xzWd828UmWG_g
 I brought my dog to use the self bathing service and they were closed.
review_id : pILt_r5ayQTmVIr__YKbqg
 But trying always to \"never let them see you sweat,\" especially in a service driven industry and especially in one that is a concierge style service.
review_id : pILt_r5ayQTmVIr__YKbqg
 As one more often the service provided than the one receiving the service (like a million to 1 times over!) I have had this drilled into me cradle to .
review_id : 5Mjrrto4eWV3rSABrDFScQ
 in the first place! When he said there was nothing he could do about that, I then offered the solution of him refunding me 50% of my money so I could go get my dogs requested service of haircuts somewhere else then before we leave.
review_id : 5Mjrrto4eWV3rSABrDFScQ
  But I'm assuming the reason he was in such a hurry and skipped part of the service that we thought we were going to be getting today is because he had to cancel my original appointment the day before because of personal reasons and then hurried and fit us in today (I appreciate his effort in trying to accommodate us due to canceling our initial appt.
review_id : 5Mjrrto4eWV3rSABrDFScQ
  However, when I'm paying for a service, I expect that service to be done even if he was in a hurry because he fit us in today.
review_id : wEzQaso0So5BsDagP5k3DA
Prior to receiving my service I was speaking to the owner by email, Carolyn, about the cost, timelines, payment schedule ect.
review_id : wEzQaso0So5BsDagP5k3DA
 I thought, Great! So she sent Alex over to service my yard.
review_id : 1HS9-Kna4U7FYZUt9vdWwg
 It was really expensive and traumatizing to fly my cats here from Los Angeles and I certainly could not fly them back and forth over the holidays, so I was faced with finding a pet sitting service that was affordable and trust worthy.
review_id : wGMj8npjeSRBrv-9L0CpQA
Having never used a pet walking service before, I wasn't sure where to start.
review_id : 3pzbFBAw3NK6OmYecScaMw
  My dog deserves so much better than the service banfield (dr McCormick excluded) has given her.
review_id : cBN650hArxTNK2JlwUUxCQ
I used this service while I was away for 8 days at Thanksgiving.
review_id : MspCrOsU7XSrn3EljGFY-A
  You get such personalized service here.
review_id : ekfAYhPey-ADggepwNLxjw
Post is in regards to the service aspect to the store.
review_id : Hme88uUGoAFD62muOXST9A
You're in the Customer service industry.
review_id : u3y-4pPaaKHeWXf2J7ot5w
  My wife has seizures and needed a service dog to assist her.
review_id : HBi2SyY49we_VM4pR-uurQ
 It's called customer service and that's your job, Julie.
review_id : VE_jXGZTa7QdvickUVeF8Q
 They have NEVER pushed any product or service on us.
review_id : EvzGEjskT7a88Cdb2Dwx3w
They cannot retain skilled groomers, do not show any signs of empathy or customer service at all.
review_id : 7FE0Qve220SyLF7eQpHbrA
 If this is the promise of their service then why can't anyone tell me what happened.
review_id : DdyZtSXDlQp64OicHFGXVw
  Not knowing anyone in the area, I was looking for a safe, reliable pet service and Sit.
review_id : R09XbOc1W_phKv4YLXfg1A
 But he was politely informed by Jamie from customer service that they have a 4 week \"customer care policy\" and since we had the fish tank in our possession for 5 weeks they are \"unable to provide you with a refund, replacement, or store credit.
review_id : Q0500dJTwZJhV-mozOPlBg
 The care and customer service do not equate to that kind of bill, I don't care how much you love your pet.
review_id : aS74Gj05uiuOg41EDzrESQ
I was referred by another disabled vet to begin my service dog training here for my boy.
review_id : LkqGIJPFl--AkHDaTi9ShQ
I just gave JJ's a call to see if she was in fact a mobile grooming service and if she would groom my dog.
review_id : iJmNWQRtTaOdz294uAIG3g
" This store needs to understand how customer service works.
review_id : Vhlx4XynaTJvdfhSkw16uA
  You can ask your veterinarian which cremation service they use, most will work with you if you prefer a different one.
review_id : 5bv3zRLfKytlEhIbSqbDWA
Having to put a beloved pet to sleep is never an easy choice, but if it's the right choice for the circumstances, I can't imagine a better service than what Dr.
review_id : GuYqo2g3pcGZBv-tpjPX0A
  The answering service immediately transferred me to Jon.
review_id : KSheRjSBV4Z1UZZqv6sxag
 She came to our home, even though it was a little out of her service area, and made sure the girls were fed, walked, and played with.
review_id : CAkgfdvdCn4KUo03kMk9Mg
It was somewhat of a last minute decision to handle Jasper's final arrangements ourselves, rather than using the service provided by our veterinarian.
review_id : yad3G38VLhbHnusegTfT9A
 The 'hiring' process was easy, and all of the communication prior to the service was great! Hillary was the gal who we were paired with.
review_id : 4VptUrDb7YS-SZPjPUADGA
I've used Michael's Ruff Housing service for several years now for five dogs ranging from a 85# Golden Retriever to a 7 wk.
review_id : 2NZrcFpr8kbtWElnkh5C0A
  We are well on our way to having a fully certified service dog and couldn't be happier.
review_id : z_GU5FEmk1PTyQJvh_j48w
  What is the most interesting to me is that one mobile service quoted me $120, so I know we received a bargain.
review_id : 6FoVYvgIQH7dfWAmAKFCGg
 I called the answering service at 8:30am on a Sunday morning and Charles called me with in 15 minutes.
review_id : 6snnQs7ZG9IWu5kqoEf71w
  they even offer pick up and return service for an extra fee if you need that.
review_id : 0GlljqhA1IHvjZDBbXG4vg
  At the end we will have a fully trained service dog.
review_id : _PcCOQp2H4j3r1XRIMcaMg
  I read some reviews that his service is over $1,500.
review_id : f2zxZcu3BMMiqZQRfqRx9A
 That's when Tom proceeded to ask if he could join?!?! At that time I cancelled my service and asked for a refund.
review_id : qc7pY-trYE-nn9rKvDwYPw
My family has taken all our animals here since my dad was a kid in the 60s! They do things the old fashion way which at times means that front desk service is slow.
review_id : Uj1jleuTrsbi-aVSCnu3aQ
  The subject service is not taking clients.
review_id : yz_HTiFARJPjA9LKbo24vg
 They are both service animal trained and can walk calmly through busy places, lie  for hours under a restaurant table, and  \"heel\" while off leash.
review_id : cNeChgUFAbvTOgfR5ev5BQ
We used the boarding service for our very anxious middle-aged pup and it was fantastic.
review_id : XrSXXfi_rKRZSzXQwK6hXg
 They do a delivery service and do co-op deliveries around the valley but its only selected days a week - if your good at planning ahead then no problem there.
review_id : 0uX5OU7al5RwFAsySp1Hfg
  You can ask your veterinarian which cremation service they use, most will work with you if you prefer a different one.
review_id : NHrVg9pk-SKGYRyKzRBVQg
  I am fed up with the poor customer service at this location and felt they need a bit of a wake up call.
review_id : DGX_EvCGYyO1lbFDWAwEEg
I always give places 2nd chances but if i get the same customer service as this last time I probably wouldn't spend my money there again.
review_id : hlY0KaY6WvUMGbubokUCng
What I liked about the experience was that the staff was friendly and the service was quick.
