
I had to call customer service yet again to confirm the order but the sales associate taking my order entered the incorrect prescription! This resulted in yet another phone call being made today.

I've always appreciated how friendly the service is from America's Best Contacts & Eyeglasses but after so many problems lately, I might have to consider a new eye care facility when ordering materials.

My suggestion would be update this location, train the office staff\/MAs, and keep the providers! I will write more comments about my relationship with the phone service later because I have both positive and negative comments.

Side note: She has worked at multiple other A.B.C & E.G.'s locations including the Rock Hill location where I initially experienced her service 3 yrs.

She ignored him and greeted an older gentleman behind us telling him that she could service him.

I paid over half the anticipated balance at the time of service expecting to be billed after insurance processed the claim towards our large yearly deductible.

I was able to have a Facebook chat with a staff member to discuss service available, as well as schedule my appointment.

Funny thing is, on 11\/17\/19 we received and had a chance to review the \"computer-generated\" (So much for it being IMPOSSIBLE to be emailed or printed) not-official statement and the discrepancy of $56.76 was for the service date on our first visit 4\/11\/19 but check the date on the Billing it says 11\/13\/19 and check the past due balances on 31-60 days, 61-90 days, and over 90 days.

Bloodwork was suggested but I ultimately decided to continue with my current service providers and seek a referral elsewhere.

The front desk is operated by her husband, who lacks any medical training or even basic customer service skills and yet is charged with vitals and chartwork.

 In general, the whole idea of customer service isn't on their radar.

Seriously, you are in customer service along with medical care.

* This review is for the optical service & office interior only.

Most major insurances are accepted and they will give you procedure codes you can tell you health insurance to see whether or not the service is covered or needs preauthorization.

If you want good service you will wait and if the waiting room is full,  then that should tell you something.

When I called the office at 3:30, their answering service answered and took message.

On our way out we gave everyone working there a \"thank you\" because let's face it, they are doing a service to the community by working late on the off days.

Usually service is very fast even if there is a line.

Customer service must not be in the training manual.

 I realize that the groupon is only a fraction of what the service normally runs.

-It took 3 calls in 2 hours to after-hours-emergency to the doctors answer service before she finally returned my call regard an emergency allergy to medication.

The medical service was not exceptional.

On the 4th try I requested the automated service to call me when someone is available.

They're on every street corner from here to Canada to Mexico in North America just selling a service tgat they all can do.

Stopped services in 2014, getting new bills after paying for same service date!!! 

She gets a zero stars poor customer service I had a 11am appointment I arrived 45 min early for paper work only to wait three hours in a small over packed waiting room.

 But a clinic visit is mostly about the service you receive with the doctor.

Keith Chambers provides a hands on medical service catering to his patients.

I expected the kind of service and setting as any manicure and pedicure place.

Customer service and satisfaction isn't even a thought.

Customer service is what drives loyalty, repeat customers and more sales.

Men's Vitality Center is a full service men's health care provider.

 But as customer service goes, the team gets an A from me.

This is the service you get when you are on ACCESS

It seems service to the patient is actually a priority in their office!

This ideology doesn't translate as well to an American fee per service model but as long as you are upfront about your finances something can be worked out.

I have received outstanding service and hearing aids from Dr.

The service was for 1 hour.

I paid at the time of service everytime I have been to this facility and then I get a call from a collection agency about some 6 month old bills that they never even submitted to my insurance.

I waited 20-30 minutes with all lip service from the nurse and receptionist and left.

There is no way to contact the office directly and the answering service advises you to make an appointment for every single question, no matter how mundane.

Additionally, I stopped by the full service optical store (on the first floor) to ask the staff to adjust my frames.

I don't think it was even legit but I can't even remember because it was a service that supposedly took place 1 year ago.

They are truly women at the service of other women!

The actual term should be 12% service charge.

The doctor's service is mediocre.

My service was done May of 2018 and here I am in February of 2019 still dealing with something I want to forget and move on from.

Two stars because service was rendered and knowledge was gained but not in a pleasant exchange.

 Although, I would incur no added expense personally, the service is not free.).

Such a simple service totally cost me around $300 with insurance.

Staff's customer service is iffy.
