 ###### Price  negative ######
1 4 Finally made my visit to Tacos Huicho as my ongoing trek for the best tacos in Arizona continues. Read good reviews by fellow yelpers of this place. I believe they just renovated the dining area as I did not see the broken chairs, sticky tiles, nor limited seating that some yelpers experienced. I was introduced to laminate flooring, new chairs, and fresh smell of paint. Also the fact that they were repairing the bathrooms during business hours was quite frank as you can hear the workers drilling away (it was really loud, quick tip may want to compete repairs before or after business hours). Now to the tacos, they were above average at best as nothing spectacular about it: cabeza, pastor, longaniza, and tripa. There was no salsa bar described by others but bottles of there salsa itself. I gave it an extra star as the price cannot be beat, $1.10 for the three tacos for tacos Tuesday special and $1.50 for the tripa taco! I believe all tacos are $1.50 on a regular day. Total paid was $4.90

1 5 Awesome experience with a great staff. From the entrance you could tell that they knew what they where doing and took their job seriously(safety was my biggest concern). It took a bit of convincing to get me here...skydiving today. Mauro was an awesome guy and by far exceeded my expectations. It was a bit nerve recking but you just have to stay calm. I'm not much of a talker but Mauro made the experience splendid. I will definitely be coming back, how soon not sure. Breathing wasn't an issue just stay relaxed. Was it fun? Yes was it pricey? It's something you don't do everyday so don't complain about the price.

0 18 I have been a frequent customer here for several months now.  At first, I was on the fence because I was not very happy with an alteration I had done.  I think it's unfair to judge a dry cleaner by that standard, since the seamstress is separate and apart.  In terms of the dry cleaning, they do a great job, particularly for the price.  Once you sign up for the text club, prices are very competitive.  They are also on it in terms of the turn around.  I regularly bring a truckload of dry cleaning here and they manage to take care of it in a matter of days.    The only drawback for me is that the location is not convenient to my current house, but  I just bought a new place right around the corner from Eldorado and have no doubt I will be a dedicated customer for many years to come.

1 6 Nothing bad to say about this place. Always a good time. It is a little expensive though so be warned. Do you go on a Friday or Saturday night it can be pretty busy also. The recline and dine cinemas are probably the best part

1 7 I enjoy this hotel/casino. My family and I go bowling here, go to the movies, and also have brought family friends here when they're in town ans have recommended this place for people to stay when they ask for a decent priced hotel to stay at. My main complaint and why I didnt give 5 stars is that this is an off the strip hotel/casino ans they dont allow Locals into their pool. Thats just silly. I have lived in Vegas for 18 years and I you fo to most off the strip hotel/casinos and you show a valid nevada ID theres never an issue just as long as you're not taking in an entire party of people. But two or three people going to the pool to buy drinks/food and enjoy their pool in 115 degree heat is a must. Hotel/casinos are supposed to cater to the locals. I mean we are the ones that put in a good word for for people that ask where they should go. It should just be a limit of a certain amount allow in and possibly a pool locals guest list. My daughter and I would for sure be at South point

0 8 was super fun, wayyy to busy!!! And no payouts....blahhhh 

0 21 It is one of the oldest hotels on the strip but offered convenience because of its location and the conference that I needed to attend.   The rooms were subpar. The beds were good but the furniture was marred and the bathtub had rust marks and a weak shower head...  The common spaces had nothing to offer except wall-to-wall gambling. This hotel definitely seems like it is aimed at the low-end gambler who wants to spend as much time in the casino as possible, and as little money on the room as they can get away with.

0 26 I don't visit many public pools considering I have a pool in my own backyard. However, due to opening ours a little late this year, we decided to head to Dormont Pool on a hot day.    It's six bucks to get in which is reasonable and the concessions are cheap as well. You can get a decent amount of snacks for the same price of admission. Another positive is the friendly staff! They're all people from the neighborhood who take pride in their pool and rec center.   The best part of this pool is the fact that they allow rafts. No other public pools in the area let you use them so it's this is a huge perk. While it's nice to float, the water is freezing! Like, I'm talking cooooold! We went a week or so after opening so I'm sure it takes awhile for it to heat up, especially since the pool is so massive. Aside from the water, the pool is in okay condition. Nothing spectacular. The sidewalks were made with a gravel/stone-like concrete so it's hard on your feet and the bottom of the pool is a l

1 12 Went there with my coworkers for pre-party cocktails. Place smelled really bad - not sure what it was. Also, there was some sort of water leak or leak they left on the floor - they cleaned it as we left... So the water on the floor was there for about 45-50 mins. Bartender was nice. Drinks were expensive, I felt.Served it's point. Quick cocktails before a work Christmas party.

1 14 Don't quote me on this, but I think the Orleans Bowling Center is the closest bowling alley to the Strip and consequently, the University of Las Vegas, Nevada. I came to the Orleans Bowling Center for the first time for a UNLV student organization social event, in fact.   The bowling alley is pretty dated and cell phone reception was nonexistent, which was particularly irksome. 4G LTE, Wi-Fi, nothing worked up here. Doesn't the Orleans Bowling Center know that the devil makes work for idle hands?! :P JK  For a group of about 10 people and to reserve 2 lanes, the total came to an astounding $200+. I was shocked at how expensive it was, I mean, it was a Friday night at 6PM but holy moly! It's not like it was Cosmic Bowling or anything. Luckily for me, my wallet was spared because I only came to spectate. Little know fact - I hate bowling.   I'll end my rant by commenting on the positives. The alley is old, but clean. The bar dishes out cheap drinks. A 16oz Busch is $1.50 and a 16oz of Bu

1 16 We always wanted to experience indoor go karting and it was everything we expected. Fast, fun, and we definitely wanted to do 5 more! However, $32 per person per race is extremely pricey, and we will only come back perhaps for a special occasion.

1 17 Pretty cool place. And expensive in the play the double Dutch bus. There is no Wi-Fi for parents I don't think, but it was still really cool for the kids.

1 20 We have eaten here about 20 times. After the remodel we're dealing with some pretty heavy lines now. The 'next level' mentioned is regarding pricing as we paid $37 and change for 2 burgers, one of them a combo and 2 sodas total. Thirty Seven Dollars. For that amount Ill be grocery shopping for a 3 day haul. I get it it's organic, most of everything they serve comes from the farm within a stone's throw of the restaurant and the meat is local. I am always confused as to why when that is the case, things are so much more expensive. I think restaurants are starting to realize in Gilbert that although people are flocking here to save money, that they have money to burn as a result and so raising the prices of what you would normally pay for up to maybe 20% above what the actual value...25% above actual value maybe, are what people are going to pay and they are. Now there are very long lines here depending on when you go and they've quite the nostalgic feel in the bathroom too. This place do

1 24 The Good: -I got a great rate on the room - It has a central strip location  The Bad: - Self parking has 7 levels, but the elevator only goes to 6. The 7th has a very large deceiving sign with the word elevator on it.  - Their buffet is the worst I've ever seen at that price point.  - The carpet is bubbling in the hallways making a super long walk to the room even more difficult with rolling luggage.  - Staying in the 'Linq view ' rooms is a joke. Only a partial view and loud noise day and night. You can hear the Carnivale bar at Harrah's all night. - Only 1 device per day is included with The Resort Fee - The AC constantly reverts to auto. Meaning if you want the fan to run, you have to adjust it every 10 minutes when the system flips from on to Auto on its own.    The Ugly: -I cut my toe on broken glass from a previous guest within minutes of arriving in the room. It took an hour for them to send someone. I ended up asking a housekeeper to mop up the blood and potentially more glass.

1 26 Ugh their food is so mediocre and overpriced, but what's a guy to do when he needs a quick lunch? I can't imagine anyone truly enjoys the food here. It's just that the prime location to so many offices makes it convenient. It's easy to drop $20 on a basic lunch with drink and tip.

1 27 Wonderful atmosphere indoors & out! Darling gift shop and ice cream shop.  VERY pricey for some of the same food & beverage you get in this town!  A luncheon club sandwich w/fries, a dessert & tea was over $28! That's quite spendy for this community. It's a great place, food was nice but typical. But at those lunch prices it will not be a regular stop it's more of a special occasion stop for a $30 plus tip lunch. For $30 you could go the The Henry or Hillstone.

0 19 We went to their Spring open house for their free axe throwing event. The location is situated near Yorkdale Mall which I find really convenient, however their exact location was hard to find as it was tucked in those industrial area.  Price is about $20 ish for an hour of axe throwing.  The staffs there were extremely helpful and friendly. They told us that it started as throwing axes to targets at backyard (hence the name BACKYARD), then it became bigger and bigger til they ran out of space at the backyard so the founders decided to rent spaces and made it as the company.   They taught us how to throw axes properly and even played games with it. Each stations have its own coach that will monitor you and give pointers to improve your throws.  Ideal place for a bunch of friends, dates, and birthday events. Definitely will go back!!!

1 29 Why I wound up staying here aside (valet lost our car keys!), I suppose I do have to admit that the rooms are 3 stars (er, the new ones at least). We had a nice view of the Strip (including the Bellagio fountains). Good comfy beds. Decent bathroom (though, no tub, just a shower). The decor was decent too. No robes, no minibar. But for a place to rest your head at night in Sin City, you could do way worse. And it's a pretty good central location too.  However, there isn't much else to do at the Flamingo. There's a couple of ok shows, but it ends there. The restaurant options are sucky. Room service is no more than 2 stars. The stores are sucky. Etc.  So for the right price, it's a good room, but not much else.  And then, of course, there's the issue that the valet lost our car keys. Yep, lost our car keys. What are the friggin' odds of that happening? Either way, can't say I would recommend valeting your car here. Why take that gamble?  I do have to admit, though, that I like their pool

0 33 Rather mediocre.   I had the chicken shawarma sandwich and it was dry.  If I wanted a sauce they charged .50. Not the money but the point.  Either put it on or let everyone know that it is a dry sandwich. It was only $5.99 so u sure can't complain about the price.

1 35 If you are looking for a bunch of adults in a kiddie pool, Azure is the place to be. It felt very claustrophobic to be in the pool. Also, they only had one miniature bar the corner of the pool area. Ladies were free while the guys were $10. Honestly, there are so many better pool parities in Vegas.  Drinks were outrageously expensive even more expensive than Marquee.   We witnessed a waitress get into a verbal altercation  with some patrons of this pool party. I was disappointed with the employees handled the situation. The waitress actually became irate to the customer who then complained to another employee. This employee then got angry with the patrons who then subsequently complained to the manager who also huffed and puffed. It was just pathetic how these employees at Azure handled the situation.   Avoid coming here. Not worth the bad attitude.

1 36 Holden Arboretum is an awesome park to showcase the amazing plant life and natural scenery of Northeast Ohio. Unlike most of the Metroparks in the area, there is an entrance fee for Holden Arboretum. It's $10 to see the arboretum itself, and another $4 if you want to do the canopy walk and emergent tower. I think it's a little pricey for a park, but once I had a chance to walk the grounds and do the canopy walk, I could see why. There is a lot of care and intention put into planning this park and there are staff all around the park that are available for patrons to ask questions. The canopy walk itself is not big, it was actually smaller than I expected it to be, but kids will love it. Also, even if you're afraid of heights, this canopy walk is built very securely and there is plenty of netting and guardrails around to keep folks walking on it safe, without disturbing the natural beauty the height offers. The emergent tower is also very secure, but it's design allows it to wobble to co

1 37 The Flamingo should be your "go to" when you just need a reasonably priced centrally located Strip hotel to crash while you sightsee and/or casino hop.   It's not fancy and doesn't have all the swanky amenities of the more plush hotels and the gaming area is a little smaller than some, but it'll definitely serve the purpose of acceptable crash pad.  We were able to score a room with a view of the High Roller for $34 a night the week after Xmas (but pre-New Years Eve of course!).  This being Vegas, $34 is just your base price - there are "resort fees", daily parking ($10 I think) and sky-high tourism taxes.  And you may want to upgrade your room - which the Flamingo's near-constant emails pre-arrival makes pretty easy.   I absolutely INSIST you get a room with a view of the High Roller...  check out my pictures - it was glorious waking up in the early morning with the sun rising over that thing and falling asleep to the light show at night...  Worth it!  Also if you have a lot of tech o

1 38 Most incompetent staff that works here. Trainers miss appointments and they don't have a policy around training schedules.  Never take up training sessions here. It's overpriced and just the most snobbish staff works here.  According to staff, even the manager doesn't have abilities to change schedules and work around clients timings.

1 40 Bait and switch with comp coupons. We came here tonight to use our voucher and gamble a little.  We stopped by the players club to make sure we could use our comp vouchers. Eat a wonderful meal and go to pay and low and behold they wont accept their own voucher. Paid and complained to players club....what do they give us.....more coupons. Come on people this is elementary stuff here. Shame shame. No wonder you guys are about to go bankrupt...you wont be getting any more of my money...and you have officially gained the scarlet letter by a local

1 41 Horrible...horrible...horrible customer service. Theres an older man there later in the day thats nice but the morning customer service at this place is horrible. Not very good for such a small business not sure how long this place will last with such horrible customer service. They arent friendly and they're rude if you ask any questions. Its a shame. Great prices though which is the only reason i gave them two stars and the oldrr man later in the day is also a reason to give two stars. Otherwise i would have given only one star.

1 42 For 20 years I have been visiting Las Vegas on a regular (2 to 4 times per year) basis and this scenic drive and the hikes never get old.    If you only have $7.00 in your pocket and want the most bang for the buck in the state, this place is it hands down.   Some Do's and Dont's if you want to get the most out of your visit.    Do:  wear clothes that are comfortable and you don't mind getting a little dusty.   Do: Wear hiking shoes or boots and if you don't have those then a cross training or running shoe would be the minimum.   Do:  Bring a backpack with some water, granola bars, sunscreen and glasses.    Do:  Bring a camera for breathtaking snapshots.  Do:  Enjoy yourself and don't hesitate to jump on a trail and have fun.    Don't:  wear flip flops, Sandals, or dress shoes.  You won't be able to hike in these safely.   Don't:  wear nice clothes.  The wind blows and it gets dusty and you can also snag cloths on branches, etc.  Don't:  come with only 30 minutes to spare.  You can dri

1 44 not bad at all for breakfast. they have a 4.95 special everyday if you are on a budget or you just don't want to spend a lot . my wife and I had omelet and one biscuit and gravy and two drinks and it came to almost 40 bucks with tax.

1 45 Went in here for the first time this past week. Was really disappointed. The service was okay when the bartender was not on her phone.   Mostly just upset about the prices - as in well vodka comes with a $9 price tag. That's insane.  Super over priced drinks, served in plastic wear. For the prices you'd think the presentation would have been better.   My first and last visit, there are definitely nicer bars in the area.

1 47 Nice hotel with good accommodations.  The bed and pillows were excellent and the usual accoutrements were better than average.  Why not more than three stars?  Two reasons (both cost related): -  That a major hotel still charges for Internet access in this day and age is ridiculous, especially considering how it's typically part of the basic package for other hotels.  In the case of Westin, they charge $13/day!  But they offer a bargain price of $39 for three days.  Yes, folks, for the price of a month's worth of cable access at home you can get three days at the Westin. -  Urban Farmer, the restaurant that is house in the hotel, is fine but with really ridiculous prices.  Their mission statement, posted on one of their walls, claims (in part) "respect for midwestern food traditions".  Somehow I strongly doubt that charging $58 for an 18-oz steak, even if from Ohio, speaks to midwestern food traditions.  Those prices are Peter Luger/Smith & Wollensky/The Palm territory and the Urban Fa

1 48 Visited Tombstone Tactical's 3-month old Phoenix location this last Saturday. Located in the heart of metro center, don't let the outside scare you away. The inside of the store is very neat and stocked with A LOT of fire arms. The prices are competitive with other stores in the valley and they offer a discount for cash purchased.  Why am I writing this review with 3 out of 5 stars? The sales staff has a lot to learn about customer service. When I first arrived it took about 5 minutes for anyone to acknowledge my presence. Was not that big of a deal because I was looking around at the stores huge inventory. While I was being helped and as the store began to fill with people I noticed a lot of other customers wondering around looking for help. Of the about 10 employees working only 3 or 4 were engaged with tasks. The others seemed to be in groups talking about who knows what...  I ended up purchasing what I had set out to buy for a good price. My recommendation would be to know what you

0 36 So we went for open play time which is very reasonably priced at $9 a head.  They have a big area of play fun for the big kiddos which contains a lot:  Big slides, little slides, rope play, tunnels, ball pit, wall climbs, air guns to shoot, and most importantly lots of other kiddos for them to interact with.  There is also a  much smaller area of play for the little kiddos. This included a ball pit, small toys they could ride, a tunnel, toys to climb on and play with as well.  There wasn't much interaction with the employees during open play. They just kind of walk around. Upon paying, you have to sign a waiver, releasing them of any responsibility or liability from injuries. But son fell down the big slide and was crying and I get that we signed that form, but someone should have come over just to check if he was okay.  Other than that, it was a good family time for all of us.

1 50 big huge pool along banksville road .  old .  check out the historic black & white pictures in the entrance .  nearly closed due to high over-head costs but the community stopped that from happening and the summer pass fees are pretty expensive, especially if you're not a resident of Dormont as I am not .  have to look at it as a charitable donation to keep this pool open another year , I guess . cheaper to get in, after 6:00 pm. ($2.50)  this is about only time I go.  water can be quite COLD, early in the season, beware .  lot of sexy ladies : )  big upgrade, socially & aesthetically over the city pools .

1 50 Went on a Saturday night.  Really cool vibe, nice seating, and I loved the server outfits. However, although the bar/lounge area wasn't that busy, we had to wait a very long time before being acknowledged or served.   If you sit in the lounge area, it is unclear whether a server will come to you, or whether you should go up to the bar to order.  I had the "Volstead Act"- one of their specialty cocktails, and it was delicious, though! Prices were high for downtown, but overall,  fair.


 ###### Price  positive ######
1 4 First Star - The price is great and affordable to fit any budget. Second Star - The location is conveniently located in a spot. Third Star - The customer service provided by Melly / Melli was great. Fourth Star - The place was clean and no spills on the floors. Fifth Star - My overall experience was better than expected. I definitely recommend going here if you need your clothes washed.  (Thank you for reading this review - I am writing reviews of everywhere I eat when I dine out, places I shop, movies I watch and much more.  Stay posted with #ReviewByMariaMescal)

1 8 Surprised my boyfriend for his 30th birthday by taking him here this morning! Price was fair (we even opted for the photo/video package which is totally worth it), staff showed excellent customer service, and the process was very smooth and well-timed. They allot for 4 hours, but we were there just under 2 (probably because we were the first group of the day). Highly recommend these guys!

1 13 This is one of my favorite spots to go to in Gilbert; It's clean, fun, and usually not super busy. The movie theatre is comfortable and the bowling has competitive prices. During my last visit Ralph at the front desk was great. He was very friendly and deserves some recognition for his work ethic.

1 1 We've stayed at South Point several times over the years and find it is just as nice as it was when it opened.  The rooms are clean and nicely decorated, as well as large.  Whether you get a king or 2 queen beds, there is tons of room to spread out.    The sheets are clean and comfortable enough, and the bath products are decent.  The casino is clean and offers a variety of slots, tables and sports book.    There are several different types of restaurants, including fast food like the deli and Seattle's Best coffee shop.  The gift shop offers decently priced beer/ wine.    There is also a bowling alley that offers $1 per person bowling after midnight ($3 for shoe rental), and a movie theater with lots of new movies that stays open late.  The Bingo hall is upstairs also and offers plenty of seating.  There is also an equestrian center that hosts rodeo and horse shows.  We like to stay here when the price is right.  M's work has their conference/training once per year here.

1 2 The best fast food chain. Period. Great tasting food. Wonderful people. Reasonable price.

1 3 Great place to hang out with your friends. Although I was going to take another star off for the hefty price tag (around $45/p), the friendly staff made up for it.   When you enter, you will be required to fill a waiver on an ipad. Then you will be guided to a laneway with a staff member who goes over the rules with your group. Everyone then gets a few tries at throwing the axe. Bullseye is 5pts, inside the red is 3pts and blue is 1pt...etc. When the instructional time is over, your group will get to play against each other in a round robin game. Basically, the players with the highest points goes into finals.  Axe throwing may sound intimidating, but it gets much easier as you go. The staff is great in helping each person along the way. I also like how they let you bring outside food and beer. Our group was able to order pizza delivery while we were playing. Overall, you should try this if you have not tried this latest trend in summer activities! :D

1 4 Las Vegas ?  Neon ? Yes .  Casinos? Yes .  Drinking & Partying ? Definitely.   Hiking , Beautiful scenery , waterfalls , flora and wildlife ? Yes . No way!   Oh yes at Red Rock Canyon you get it all , an absolute must see for visitors and locals . $7 to get in , a 13 mile scenic drive and numerous hiking trails and countless photo ops. Daily organized free hiking tours . This may be the very best part of life in Vegas , easy trails right through to scary looking rock walls . Friendly staff , very little cellphone coverage , it's just great . Can I give it 6 stars?

1 6 AMAZING!! Definitely do Edge Walk when/if you're in Toronto. The view is wonderful, the guide/instructor was very nice and knowledgeable. Little pricey, $200.

0 9 Going to the Toronto Island on a summer day is like a dream come true. Yes, you have to ride a ferry to get there, and you can't stay late or else you'll miss the last ferry back and be stuck there overnight, but it's an adventure! And it's all we have in the way of beaches!  There are extensive bike paths all around this place, awesome public parks, and plain old gorgeous scenery. Last summer I had a picnic here and it was a perfect day -- except for the red ants that attacked the picnic! Stay away from the bushes on the beach!  Forget Centre Island, forget all the expensive crap that the corporate world wants you to think you need...all you need is picnic food and drinks, a blanket, some bathing suits and sand toys. Yes, I brought sand toys. Bring food because everything in the vending machines and stands is wayy overpriced. And bring a bike or rent one there and you've got a day full of good old-fashioned (and cheap) fun!

1 9 for anything related to firearms this is the place to go they always go above and beyond to make sure to help you i have purchased several firearms here  i have had others worked on by their gunsmith they know everything you could ask for  great pricing  great products  great people

1 10 Nice place to stay. a little far from the strip but at a good price. Cool that there is a movie theater and a bowling alley.

1 11 Get a GO room! Worth the extra $$. They are so cool. Perfect for a girls trip. The regular rooms are kind of dumpy.   The 'mingo is a great value for being directly on the strip. Thier outdoor bar is cheap and great for people watching.   Long review short - I LOVE the 'mingo. Pink Pink everywhere!! So fun.

1 13 Enjoyed this way more then the big water parks in arizona. Clean and fun, many fun little areas that are safe for kids of all ages. Price wise is very fair compared to water parks where you may or may not use all the attractions. So I highly recommend and find this place worth it.

1 16 $1 games from midnight - close! can't beat that price!

1 17 My mom has taken group lessons here and really enjoys it. When I was in town I was able to go to the course with her and hit range balls while she had a lesson. The range prices weren't bad, and I was happy to find a beautiful, quiet practice area. Unfortunately one putting green was occupied by junior golfers and another by my mom's group, so I was relegated to just the range and her clubs. I cannot wait to actually get in 9 or 18 holes here next time!

1 18 Yes!!!! I lucked out and found another awesome diner!! Again I love places like this it seems to have an at home  nostalgic feeling. I ordered a vegetable plate and was very satisfied . The prices are very reasonable. The staff is very welcoming and friendly I will definitely be back!!!

1 22 Stayed here a couple of times. Didn't have high expectations, and it's not a luxurious hotel, so for the price and location, it's such a great deal. If you want a low key Vegas trip or know that you won't be spending much time in your room this is the place to book. The tables minimums are cheap here, and the drink service is great. My gambling spot!  Cheap stay if you have no expectations. Rooms are kinda dirty but they try to clean it as best as they can. Rooms are old as well, if they remodeled every room, this place can have definite potential.

1 25 Like that there are theatres and bowling and other activities. Havent tried the upstairs bars but downstairs seems a bit cold for drinking. great playing-gambling atmosphere. sad to say, Restaurants arent fab- Still has one of the great happy hour deals on Fridays!!! would love to try their inexpensive 80's show on Saturday's.

1 28 I got 3 Baja tacos, they are a 3 stars but I give 4 stars because it's cheap. Real nice prices. Terribly small place, couldn't enjoy more tacos, I felt squished. Probably won't come back because of that

1 20 This was a lot of fun and a different spin on trampolining.  Very reasonably priced and big facility.  Only problem was there is no actual changeroom which was disappointing because we brought athleticwear to change in to but had to change in the small bathroom in the basement that didn't have much room to change in.  There are also not many water fountains but my husband found a fountain at the neighbouring ice rink to fill our waterbottle with.  Parking lot is  a bit small too.

1 31 i looked up owner Michael Gaughan on wikipedia.  all i found out is he owns the airport slots & loves horses.  finally spending a night & having a room, i have my theories on the man:  he must be at least 50yrs old, worked in the industry most of his life & when he created southpoint, he utilized all his experience & smarts to build his dream hotel/casino.  well done.  being far from the strip gave him all the room/real estate to do things right, & big.  casino is gigantic, with high ceilings. tasteful decor everywhere.  so much room for many restaurants, huge hotel rooms, bowling alley, movie theatre multiplex, equestrian center.  gigantic sportsbook.  beautiful/fun casino floor.   my $35 room thru the players club was deluxe & huge & roomy.  had couch, coffee table , big bathroom & bigscreen.  next st patricks day i'm staying here & avoiding the super-crowded strip & deuce bus.   this place has everything i need.  reasonably-priced restaurants.  i dined at coronado cafe twice & got t

1 21 I found this gem from Yelp. I drove by a few times before I located the door. As other reviewers have stated- there are over 50 different homemade  flavors that go into the snow cones.   The owner is very nice, and their prices are very reasonable, borderline very cheap.  Great place to bring the family.

1 22 Love it. It's close by, relatively inexpensive and my nine year old and I always have so much fun. One of my favorite parts at the end of the day it when they close they wave pool at 5:00 and the surfers take a turn.

1 32 Laser Quest.. A fun family friendly activity where shooting your friends is still ok and futuristic sounds and lights can make your head spin.    They have the same base price of 8.50 per game as most of the laser tag places in town with a current promotion of 3 games per person for 19.  They have 3 party rooms and some basic video games.  You get to choose your own name and assign it to your weapon yourself.  The course is not really identifiable as a specific place, it consists of ramps and obstacles with places to shoot from above, underneath, and the sides.  There are very few places to hide for long as even the floors expose you.  There is no viewing section so if you aren't playing, you don't get to see anything until the scores are posted.  There is only a vending machine, no actual over the counter drinks or food.  Membership costs $10.00 and gets you some swag and a 2 dollar discount on every game.  All in all a fun time. Wish it had over the counter food and a viewing section

1 23 Purchased jump time here by mistake and glad I made that mistake!  We had a great time!  We came late afternoon on a Monday so it wasn't too busy.  The kids loved it and the staff was very friendly and accommodating.  My daughter loved the rock climbing wall and there was plenty to do.  Plus the prices are cheaper than Skyzone.  Definitely coming back!

1 24 I love the smell of the Flamingo! It's like coconuts and Cuban cigars! Playing here is fun. I enjoyed checking out the chapel and the pool. Who doesn't love the Flamingos?! So cute! Stayed one night here on my first trip to Vegas. It was clean and affordable and I would definitely come back.

1 25 Flamingo upgraded rooms are pretty nice.. The location is perfect since it's in the middle of the strip. The casino is just okay. Not alot of great restaurants or attractions in the hotel but once again being in the middle of the strip it's easy to get somewhere for a good dinner or show. The price is best your going to get on the strip unless you stay at somewhere like the quad.

1 26 Gun Show is best place to buy ammo.. $15 for entrance. For both days, Saturday & Sunday. One complimentary Cocktail at casino bar. We loaded up, proceeds go to Wonder Warriors. They gun raffles, giving away cool guns and rifles..proceeds go to Wounded Warriors.. Fun show, everything cheaper. You can really see everything, compare items you been wanting purchase. .good to be an American..

1 28 Got a big, beautiful loft style room with a decent view towards China Town. I got the room was a very reasonable price and all the amenities were great. The check in, parking valet and check out were all very painless. Nice hotel.

1 29 SUPER HAPPY! Just purchased my Gen 4 Glock 27 from Shawn at Discount Firearms!  My hubby got me my Glock for my birthday and Shawn was not only extremely helpful but insanely knowledgeable too! Best prices and best gun store and range in Las Vegas!! I gladly changed out of my Range 702 t-shirt and proudly wear my Discount Firearms shirt! LOVE my new Glock!!

1 30 We came here on Halloween night after arriving at the Chandler location only to learn that they were unexpectedly closed (there were supposed to be open).  Luckily, this Mesa location was only @ 5 miles away, and they were open until 11:30pm that night, so it worked out even better for us.   Admission was only $1 per person on Halloween evening for those in costume, which we all were.  We still had to pay regular price for the skate rental ($3.50), but at $4.50 per person, it was a great deal.  The skates were ok; the wheels felt a little "off" but I was able to work with them. Nice rink and the music selection was good; they played a mixture of current pop hits to throwback R&B and  pop 80s.    I'm not sure if it was because it was later in the evening or because it was Halloween, but there weren't a lot a kids, which is a major plus in my book.    The girls enjoyed the snack bar. They ordered pizza, pretzels, cotton candy, churros, and Icees.  Prices were decent and not too over-pric

1 31 Admission is $7. Cheap fun had a blast driving up and down the roads! Scenery was beautiful. Didn't hike much because I had sandals on and thought we were only driving.  But will be heading back really soon before it gets to hot.

1 43 So I decided to stop by Vegas before my conference in Long Beach, CA and I happened to offered a really cheap rate at this to attend a timeshare thing.    Yes, I know...timeshare...oh well, I was by myself and company paid for most of my flight, so I was all good anyways.    As for the hotel itself? Absolutely stunning. I got a junior suite, which had it's own little kitchnette, a nice bathroom, and full-window blackout blinds that were remote controlled from the tv!    The location is fantastic as it is right on the Strip and connected to Planet Hollywood.  So even though there is no restaurant in the hotel itself, you can just walk downstairs and walk around the shopping mall (Miracle Mile) to see what's there.  The pool is nice too, but it's busy, but hey it's Vegas baby!   So sleep, eat, swim, gamble, eat, shop, sleep, gamble all in the same building!    Of course it's Vegas, so obviously you will go outside!  Still Awesome!  P.S. I didn't like the timeshare thing, but that's not r

1 32 I'd heard a few good things about this place from friends so I decided to stop in and take a look. Very glad I did.  First, prices are outstanding.  I asked about a particular gun I am interested in, that I saw for $869 at Scottsdale Gun Club just a few days ago. They had the exact same one at $648.  (I have a friend who is a dealer and he showed me his cost from the manufacturer is $599, so TT has an excellent price on this gun at less than 10% profit.)  There was one particular accessory I needed for a build, and SGC had it at $179.  It was $119 at Tombstone.  I wound up cancelling an order on another accessory I ordered online because I found it cheaper at Tombstone.  Very impressed.  Next, service was outstanding.  Staff was very helpful without being pushy in any way. I had questions, they had answers.    They did mention that there is an unadvertised and unspecified veteran discount on some items, and varies based on what kind of room they have to work with in any particular item

1 33 I point to the SOUTH POINT! We love this hotel and all the promotions it has. Last few months we got free rooms, free dinner, free icecream ext. We had so much fun and really cheap date nights!   I really like how this hotel caters to the locals as well. We always see people we know there.   The buffet is ok...I would not pay to go unless I got 2 for 1. GVR and M are way better but the price is much lower here. Its a decent place to go if your there anyways.  I heard Michaels restaurant is suppose to be amazing! I have never tried it but out love too eventually. Maybe on our next free stay-cation.  Also, I am a big fan of their spa as well. They have great locals discounts (usually %20 off Sund- Thurs). They use to have juice and coffee out for you to drink but now you have to ask for it. I guess that they said their staff was stealing it over night....still I like when you use to be able to just get them as you liked.   Overall, we really like this hotel..especially when they send us 

1 34 Cheap and delicious tacos at great prices! The other week, I ordered the baja fish taco, chorizo and the chicken hermano (the 3 for $10 deal) - all delicious! I'll be back when I'm in the area! Free street parking after 6pm I think.

1 35 Great park great times! I love this place! They put a ton of money into it and I'm excited to reap the benefits!

1 38 We came to this place to watch the mini-horse competition (They have an indoor area).  This place is about 10 min drive from the strip right off the I215.  It was easy to find and TONS of free parking.  Sweet!    They have a large casino floor and it is an open lay out.  They have a few restaurants:  Buffet, Cafe, Restaurant (nicer), hot dog vendor ($0.75), Deli, and a steak n shake.  Movie theaters and bowling alley.  Things here are very cheap compared to the strip.

1 39 Want to walk up and play a cheap game or two of tennis? This is your place. If you've got your own gear it's less than a couple bucks for an hour of play. Not too shabby for nice courts.

1 40 A great place with tons of areas to get lost through the day! Lots of great vantage points and trails to hike and explore. There's TONS of great routes for those of us who rock climb and a nice scenic loop to drive around for those who just want to visit and not get dirty. Buy the annual pass if you think you'll be there a second time - pays for itself. 

1 44 Awesome indoor shooting range! Very cheap to rent a stall and they charge per person.   Staff are friendly and helpful.   Firearms here when I checked a few out are selling for a good price compared to other competitors I have seen.

1 45 a great place to take kids/grandkids.  Cheap food, reasonable priced rink, plenty of space, some arcade games, lots of space to watch from.  you don't pay UNLES you skate, so parents are free to watch their kids.

1 46 I've been coming here for a few months.  I drop off 7-10 dress shirts a week and have never have a problem. They do a great job and prices are resonable.  My only complaint is the place is kind of dirty.  Huge clumps of dust on everything that is above what they could reach without a ladder.  I've seen this at a lot of dry cleaners because they use swamp coolers and not AC.  That said, it is one of the cleaner cleaners (say that 10 times fast) I have been too.

1 48 Great price! Great rooms! Great weekend! Good "staycation". Cafe has the best Chinese food in town at good prices. Spazmatics on Saturday nights is fun, cheap night out. Bowling alley snack bar has the best chili cheese fries I've ever had.

1 49 This place is awesome for families, kids, and even adults! VERY reasonable prices. FREE REFILLS ON DRINKS!?!? IS THIS REAL LIFE!?! From bowling, mini golf, and recline movie seats. The staff was all very helpful and super friendly. Definitely come give this place a shot, it is well worth it.  Food is affordable and tasty. We had fries, onion rings, and fried zucchini. It was all very good.  The theater is amazing!! And the prices!?! How are they so good. The seats are amazing.


 ###### Service  negative ######
0 1 There appear to be many negative reviews of this place but I can honestly say we had a blast.  We raced with a super-groupon deal so that our family of 4 had 2 races each.   The kids started with the junior carts and that was the right call as neither really had much experience driving carts (Mario Kart doesn't count) so they were a bit cautious at first. However, in their second race they put the pedal to the metal and tested the limits of their speed-limited carts.  The adults took the big carts for a run and I was lucky to be racing with novices and took the checkered flag in one of the two races. I was foiled by a "pile up" in one of the races which killed my lap average. :) My lovely wife took a nice stroll around the course and it was fun to wave as I zipped by.  The service was excellent. The track-workers were hilarious. All in all a great experience.   ** note ** Our first attempt to race was marred by the company Groupon and their multi-hour outage in March 2015. We did not p 

1 2 We got a GO room which was nice but 2 stars off for:  1. Our toilet overflowed at 3am 2. No late check-out, not even at noon!  I was looking forward to the bed since everyone raved that you couldn't get out of it but for me, I got out of it with no hesitation. My bed at home is waaaaaay better.  I did enjoy the built-in TV in the mirror in the bathroom. My BF thought I fell in the toilet because I was taking so damn long but I just had to reassure him that I was just watching TV LOL! And I didn't mind the pink florenscent lighting in the bathroom. Pink is my favorite color!  Sure the casino floor can be smoky but I really didn't care because as a smoker, I was contributing to the smokiness.  And boo to the cocktail waitress that wouldn't give my BF 2 drinks because she was insinuating that one was for me and I wasn't playing at the time. Um, missy can't you see that I have 2 drinks already that are keeping me rather busy?  The pool is the highlight of the whole place. So much fun!!! Th

0 2 Stayed here again June 21-24. Elevators are fixed. Most rooms updated. I really like this hotel :)

1 4 Positive: The food! We had soup, chow fun, and the Peking duck. The chow fun was exactly like at home. The Peking duck  was served exactly how my sister liked (lean, less fat). Also, great service. My sister and I felt incredibly homesick after eating here.   Negative: I wish the Peking duck was served on a bao instead of in the wrappers; however, my sister informs me that the wrappers are more traditional.

0 1 Meh. -Very centrally located on the strip, makes walking easier. -Somewhat dated. -Parking garage is absolutely disgusting, although it is free. -Rooms are just OK. -Adjacent to the Linq which is a nice new property. -Strip view rooms do indeed have a great view. -The live Flamingos are cool. I probably would choose a newer & nicer  place if given an option but I would not rule the Flamingo out.

0 5 It looks like it is almost finished.  The greenway now extends from behind Park Rd shopping Center (breaks a little near Freedom Park) and then continues on up to CPCC.    The new section is a gem along the creek with various plazas and artwork and the animal life returning.    I walk this greenway often and often see various animals from purple martins, robins, ducks, geese, fish, turtles and even snakes.    This is a wonderful addition to the area's urban trails.  I expect to see a lot of festivals popping up in using the new section of the greenway.  There's already the Kings Drive Arts festival which will be huge in a few years.

1 6 Take your dog somewhere else. This park is fantastic, but bringing my dogs here has become a hazard. People do not pay attention to their pets and let them run free. My dog has been hurt twice now. A smaller park is much safer. Do not recommend.

1 7 Had to use up my 2 free nights for September and when I was checking in I had the most horrible girl at the front desk. I told her I had a toddler and would love a room close to the elevator..did she give me one? NO it was literally the last room down a long ass hallway. It also overlooked the backside of the hotel where they were doing construction at 6am..woke to the sound of beep-beep-beep of trucks doing their thing. Thank god the inlaws are coming in from MIchigan and going to use the free rooms for October cuz I dont think I can handle staying here anymore..even for free.

1 8 This hotel is right behind Planet Hollywood and used to part of Planet Hollywood before Hilton took over. We chose to forgo the $15 valet and self parked but it was a pain because the garage was packed and the walk to the hotel took a good 7+minutes. The front desk workers were friendly and checked us in quickly. I got the 1 king bed suite. It was extremely spacious and modern. The bed was large and comfortable. Flat screen tvs in the living room, bed room and bathroom were pretty cool. There was a fantastic view of Vegas from the room. There was a small kitchen plus a hot tub! The wall insulation was perfect because we didn't hear any noise from our neighbors.   The negatives are the $15 valet service, $10 wifi fee,check out time is 10am and they wouldn't give us a late checkout, but the most annoying thing were the thick, pillows that were extremely uncomfortable. It took me a long time both nights to get in a comfortable position. So bring your own pillows.  Overall, I would stay he

1 9 Always understaffed. Tables are wobbly. Long waits for refills. Popular place obviously but they need to hire accordingly.

1 10 I drive down here solely for the dog park. I have a puppy that has a lot of energy and this park is pretty big, giving her lots of room to run around and, of course, get tired. I don't like to go too late in the day because there are just too many dogs and she gets distracted, but my late morning trips have always been a pleasure.   My one dislike about the park is that part of it appears to be a retention basin. Water collects and stagnates in a particular area and they use PVC and plastic fencing to block it off. It doesn't do anything to keep the dogs out. They need to re-engineer where the water runs off or determine a better way to secure that disgusting pool of water.  The park does not have a section for timid or small dogs and one for large dogs. I've seen people bring toy sized dogs, 2-3lbs, and I was a little concerned the dogs would get trampled/ attacked. I caught my little 20lb Basenji mix stalking one of these tiny dogs, so I had to shift her attention. If you want to bri

1 11 I am giving this 2 stars, because I have to give it something. I am updating my previous review regarding the horrid treatment I received from the clueless hostess when I attempted to have dinner there last weekend. I did receive an e-mail from the manager asking me to call. I called him and he apologized profusely and asked for a chance to make things right. I plan on taking him up on his offer, because I really want to try this place out.

1 12 *2.5* Since my review from January, I have been going to Iam Yoga on a regular basis. I am sad to report, however, that they have gone downhill by A LOT.   The change rooms, which were the highlight of many people's experiences, are now  a nightmare. The showers no longer have the shampoo, conditioner and body wash that they once boasted, and the drain is constantly clogged. The shower heads have been broken on several occasions as well.  I have also discovered that the after-work classes (5pm, 6:30pm and 8pm) get extremely packed and smelly. Luckily, I've been able to avoid those.   The lobby area, the practice room and the staff have remained alright, but the bathrooms really turn me off from continuing here now.

0 3 I have had the silliest and most beautiful times in this darn park.   I'm a busy girl, but we all have those weeks where you just need to excuse yourself for fifteen minutes and stare at something lovely. You know, otherwise you might implode. I had one such moments last week, and I found myself on a bench overlooking the thawing leashless dog pit. An afternoon that began with painful doubt was suddenly twisted on it's head and full of possibilities. Puppy watching is. the. best.   I also bought shoes. So maybe I'm giving the park too much credit. Nah, I'm not. Puppies!

1 13 Although this is a banquet hall, they do afternoon dim sum, a trandition for the local Chinese family. Now, this is  good dim sum, I know it because I'm chinese :) The dim sum here are very tranditional and nicely done. Hg and sm is nicely done. The only complain, no early bird discount.

1 15 Frequent slow/inaccurate orders.  This is not one of the better valley locations.  Metro center is the one to beat.  On my two of my three visits here, its taken nearly 20 minutes to get my order.  One of those two visits they did it incorrectly, and I had to switch the order to go as they burned up my lunch hour with their mistake.  Another to go order the dressing with my salad was watered down and it was caesar.  It ran like it was vinagerette.  I've mentioned the services issues to their manager.  First time they only apologized, never gave me reason to come back.  After three tries with this location, I'll stick with Metro center.

1 16 I think my review is based mainly on the fact that I'm over the age limit to be in here.  We came about a month ago with some friends to go dancing.  We got all decked out, had too many drinks at home and off we went.  The place is so crowded you can't move on the dance floor at all.  My husband is almost 6'5" and kept getting ran into by teeny tiny girls who had no regard for their surroundings or people around them.  After about an hour of this we headed out to another bar with less people and more room.  Bottom line - if you are under 25, or out on the town for a bachelorette party this is the place to be...ride the mechanical bull, dance in uncomfortable confines and shoes....regret it in the morning.  If not, head somewhere else!

1 17 I have to admit this place is actually a really cool spot with a lot of fun activities for individuals of all ages, just as long as all the ages are not mixed together. This place was extremely hectic and got to the point of straight up dangerous, especially for little kids. The lack of staff doesn't help the madness either.   Now don't get me wrong this place has a great concept and can be a ton of fun for kids without question. It has trampolines everywhere, american ninja type obstacles with foam pits underneath, trapeze stunts, tight ropes and a dodgeball court. It really can be fun for the whole family.   I know this place is fairly new so maybe working out the kinks is still a work in progress but this is definitely a place u gotta be more careful than relaxed in.  I really do not recommend bringing little kids here on a Saturday evening. The place is jam packed with teenagers, since they have the jump club party for 15 and older after 9pm. Unfortunately, some teenagers seem to l

1 18 My dinner cost me over $800.00   Had dinner there food was good but I bit down on a rock in my salad from the salad not being washed properly and broke a tooth.    I brought it to the manager and he gave me his card, I called and called.  They ignored me.  So I paid out of pocket to get my dental work.  I will NEVER RETURN  if you want dirty salad then you have dinner there  Manager not honest said owner will help Owner will not accept responsibility  Produce not being properly prepared

1 19 So this place just earned themselves a 1-star update, and it's a complete shame too. Service was always good to adequate, and I looked past that because of the food, but tonight was the proverbial straw that broke the camel's back.   First, the gal who seated us puts us right next to the kitchen entrance in the dining area, the noisiest booth in the entire restaurant, even though the place was 1/2 empty at the time. Nothing like having to repeat yourself to your dinner date every-other-sentence because people in back are continually dropping off piles of plates and smashing things together and, generally, making enough racket to wake the dead. Someone finally brings chips and salsa, but we've still got no drinks and no server. I guess I'm supposed to take it down dry, right? Eventually someone shows up and we get our drink order in. No apology for the wait, naturally.   After waiting slightly more than usual, our entrees come out. We went to town, all the while consciously saving room 

1 20 Before writing this review I went to the front desk and tried to explain my dissapointment and was completly brushed off. The night we checked in the room rate given over the phone through reservations was higher than what I was quoted - the front desk would not accept it ($9 difference) the Expedia rate (more than a 50% difference) and still the gentleman would not match or discount the room rate even after seeing what I had pulled up. When I checked out I was not asked how my stay was so I vocalized my disappointment with the lack of service I received the night before and all I got was "oh ok I will let him know" I was shocked! No discount no apology Nada! I then requested the managers name and contact info and she replied "that's me" as she wrote her name and email on a card. Locals, find another hotel that value you as a customer - this by far was the worst experience ever at any hotel in Vegas that I've ever come across. Shame on you South Point for not appreciating business from

0 26 Premire exprience de match de hockey au Canada. Ca bouge, a hurle, a tape : tout ce que j'aime, on s'ennuie pas. Les canadiens s'y rendent en groupe et commandent  manger pendant le match. Sur l'organisation du stade en lui-mme : on fait trs peu la queue pour atteindre ses places et pour 10$ vous pouvez aller vous assoir dans les 1ers rangs  condition que a ne soit pas pris. Un dtail quand mme : les bus amnent jusqu' la zone du stade mais pas tous! Il faut alors marcher 10 minutes et si vous ne connaissez pas le quartier mieut vaut avoir un gps sur son tlphone.

1 22 I really wanted to like this place. I was so excited to check it out. I even held off on purchasing my bow because I wanted to support local businesses and also figured I would get better service and advice from a place like this rather than a big box store like bass. I finally made it in to the store today with plans of purchasing a new hoyt as well as a sight, rest and everything else I needed to be hunt ready. I also brought my 8 year old daughter to sign her up for lessons as she has been showing interest in archery lately. When we walked in we were greeted by nobody. Checked out the thin inventory on their wall and was finally asked what we needed by an employee. I told him I would like to buy a new bow. He said give me a minute. I have him 30 minutes and finally my daughter and I decided to leave. He watched us walk out and did not say a word.  Crazy. Afterwards I was so distraught I reached out to them with a comment on social media describing my experience and my comment was so

1 23 This place has some rude and racist employees here! I kept saying nooo it's not jst that person but this has been my third visit and I will never ever return! After the old lady rang me up today I had an e gift card I wanted to use since I had 40.66 left on and she's like we dnt even take those ok tell me how was I able to use it last week and now this time was an issue?! So since I wasn't able to use it, I told her to cancel my to go orders and she yells out to her boss who was jst next to her Oh void THIS since she can't afford to pay for it! I didn't say I can't afford to pay it I wasn't going to waste my money since I had the gift card with a balance on it! Then manager says u need to print it out next time what's the difference of me bringing in a copy of the e-gift card when u could easily scan the barcode?! Ridiculous!

1 24 This place is near my home and offers alterations and fixes. My dress, was thought to need a new slider and ended up needing a new zipper instead. It has been there since January 28 and it is still not done today :-(

1 11 It's seriously just a grass field. Surrounded by homeless people. Not a fan at all. Plus in the summer there is zero shade anywhere. Not on the field or parking.

1 25 I recently stayed a few nights at the Flamingo for work, and I was lucky enough to get a Go room, which are the upgraded rooms at Flamingo.  I've had family members stay here quite a few times, and they were pleased.  I liked the rooms, but I was less enthusiastic than they were.  PRO'S: - 2 plasma tv (one in the bathroom) - curtains & lights controlled by switches by bed - bed was pretty comfortable  CON'S: - walls were paper thin. could hear annoying people next door all night. - rooms are still old, and you can tell in a lot of spots  This hotel really wants to be a 4*, but it's just not... just a good 3*.  And that's when we're talking about the Go rooms.

1 27 To; The Buckeye, Az location off Watson..This had to be the worst dining experience ever! Don't get me wrong I love the shop connected to the Resturant and all the cute toys and clothes and stuff!! However, got seated wasn't busy at all. 3 adults 2 kid, my 16 yr old daughter almost sat in a chair full of water. On the ground was water everywhere. Server came over took our drink order and proceeds to tell us everything pretty much on the menu she never tasted except the mac and cheese, if that can gauge this girls age. She comes back and took food order and leaves and we never saw her again until the food came. I made the comment did you forget you had a table out on the floor. We have all been sitting waiting for drink refills for about 30 mins. She was yeah I'm sorry. Comes back with a pitcher of tea without any ice and fills our glasses with it. (No ice!) I made the comment, is that unsweetened ice tea, with No Ice? She said oh yeah I forgot the ice, do you want ice? I was like OMG w

1 28 The last 2 times, I have taken my pooch to Cosmo, she has come home sick. The first time, she got a rash all over her neck (even after being washed down at home afterwards). This last time we went (about 2 weeks ago) she started throwing up in the lake. Then, I noticed a small dog (possibly a Jack Russell mix was doing the same thing) and then my friend's dog (a lab mix) was throwing up as well. Time to leave, right? I took my dog home and gave her a bath (but the same rash still returned on her neck).   A few hours later, I get a call from my friend. She had to take her dog to the vet emergently because she wouldn't drink any water, could barely get up, and was breathing very heavily after being sick at the park. The vet said that it appears to be some sort of virus that she probably caught in the water. The dog was rehydrated and given some antibiotics and perked up within a few days, but still... that's scary. We will no longer be going to this dog park. It's worth the drive to Temp 

1 13 This club is dirty, dated and could use a face lift. Men's locker room needs more attention. If you don't have a membership go elsewhere for less with newer facility. I'm looking into other gyms

1 29 There is a beautiful rotunda where you can casually have a cocktail and overlook the strip on couches.  However, there is a mandatory service charge for food/drink and the service was non-existant.  Thanks for bringing my lunch with no napkins and then taking 20 minutes to come back.  Like most pool parties, if you are not a big-spender they ignore you.

1 30 Put some fries and hot sauce on that chicken shawarma wrap, it's called Sultan style.  I'm just kidding.  I just made that up... don't say that to the cashier, they will be confused.  But you should still ask them to put fries and hot sauce on your wrap, it's a nice touch.  Thank you My T for the tip brosky!  This place has really bad reviews.  Granted service is not like you're going to get at Robouchon, but cmon, it's not that bad.  I really like the fatoush, it's more authentic than most places in Summerlin.  The chicken shawarma was great.  So juicy, not dry at all, I'm surprised at what everyone else is saying.  I will come back!  Someone mentioned waiting 15 minutes for their food?  Is that really that bad?  Cmonnnnnnnnn

1 31 This is a relaxing pool to go to. Girls are free per usual. Guys are only 10 bucks. If you check in on yelp you can get a free admission pass.   I went with four girls and one guy, Daniel, so I made him use the yelp offer. Daniel had already paid the ten bucks so I told him to get a refund. When Daniel went to the man in the front, the man was giving so much attitude. This man told Daniel that he had never seen this yelp offer and that he could not honor it... I was watching all this unfold from a distance. So I went up to the worker and told him that the yelp offer should be valid. I mean at this point we didn't care about the admission cost, we were being taken advantage of. So Daniel asked for a manager. The same worker said the manger didn't pick up. We told him we would wait.   Finally, the manger came down and he instantly honored the yelp offer. They manager just took down my yelp user id and that was that. The manager was so professional and didn't make a fuss like the other em

0 38 My roomie comes down here with the pup a lot.They love it! But finally I got my very own self down to see what the commotion is about.  I love it too!   So glad they (mysterious 'they' people who build parks) have done something so great with this former waste of space. Winding paths through plants and ponds. Grassy areas to sit and chill or play with your pup or young'uns. I saw dozens of bees in the gardens. BEES! I'm so happy they have a fun place to drink tons of flowers and be around their fun buzzy friends. Don't worry, they were very focused on the flowers, and not at all focused on me.  We wandered down to the play area to check it out. Super fun. Big slide, teeter-totter, and swings. I'm young at heart and took a turn on the swings myself, just to make sure they were up to par.  The splash pad wasn't splashy, but it looked like it'd be tons o' fun with the water turned on.  I'll be coming back.  Giving it 4 stars for now. But when it's completed, i'll update :)  p.s. there is 

0 32 We go here all the time. We have a Dalmatian mix and a shepherd (and now a chihuahua that I found) that like the dry side of the park. Plenty of people take their dogs who like to swim to the yucky side but that's their choice. I wouldn't let mine go in there. I had another dog that went in the water once and he came out brown and smelled like sewage. They do have hoses to use to wash dogs off there though. I'm giving three stars because this park needs more places for the people to sit, and because of the yuck water in the lake area, and no drinking fountain.   I don't get people who complain about how dogs want to play rough sometimes with other dogs. If you don't like it don't bring your dogs. There is also a separate place for "small timid dogs."  Dogs will quickly find their place among other dogs, even at the park, it's how they are. My big dogs run from the little ones I don't get it but I'm not going to go to the owner and ask them to control their dogs because that's dumb.   A

1 33 Ok first of all they have their landline without service...I tried to call my friends to let them know  I was on my way and it was impossible...  This was my first visit to the Orchard, it's a very nice place in a residential neighborhood, you can easily miss it if you are speeding or distracted, they have parking lot in front and in the back, and it's surrounded by trees.  The ambience is relaxed, they have a splash pad for  the little ones, and some tables with shade. They do also sell ice cream and drinks, breakfast all day and sandwiches-salads and chicken nuggets for the kids, but you need to make a loooong line to check out, even it they do have 2 cashiers working at the same time.  I wish they had more shade,specially on the top of the splash pad, it's very nice to enjoy the sunshine however we are in March and the sun is already "burning" I cannot imagine June or July temperatures...the kids are running barefoot and the have artificial grass, it was soft for me but my son compl

0 14 Do the Groupon deal! This is an awesome activity for all ages & for locals or tourists. $13/2 hours with a quick lesson? How do you not take the offer? At first I was really intimidated, but after the lesson I was like, "That's it?!?" Yes that's all there is to it.... Except getting your aim down lol. The employees are not the most enthusiastic or outreaching people, but they're pretty nice. Overall the place can be maintained cleaner, but that's not my point. This is a must try for everyone! It's cheap, stress relieving, off the strip, fairly easy, & fun.

1 34 We'll start with no smoking, no gambling, and no restaurants in this hotel.  Do you still want to proceed?  VALET was full. Another large bummer!  This means you have to go park on the 3rd floor of the Miracle Mile shops then drag your luggage almost clear across the mall and through the hotel to get to your dang room. NO BUENO.  Let's go to the "no restaurants" part.  You are in Vegas, might I remind you, you are going to want to eat at some point, maybe?  They have room service till 10 pm at night, but if you want something to eat, you better put your walking shoes on b/c you have to go into the Miracle Mile Shops.  They do; however, have a small kitchen in each room with a fridge and a microwave so that's helpful.  Ice machine only on 2 floors--5th floor and the 50th so I heard, real pain in the arse to go get ice. Like I didn't go get ice b/c it was such a pain. NO BUENO  They also make you swipe your card every time before you even get close to the elevator bank, that's annoying. 

0 15 Welp, we finally climbed all the way up to the peak this morning and it was a doozy.    Let me preface by saying that we didn't have plans to actually go all the way to the top today.  We just headed to Sandstone Quarry to get some cardio done.  The three choices we had were Calico Tanks, Turtlehead Peak, and Grand Circle trails.  Since my partner in crime and I have already done Calico Tanks before and Grand Circle was way too long (11.4 miles round trip) we headed out on Turtlehead Peak trail with plans to see how far we could get in the time we had.  This hike is rated as difficult and I would concur.  My son does this hike all the time by himself and he's always been reluctant to take us with him because we would just slow him down.  After doing this, I would agree with him.  We weren't super slow, but we weren't fast, either.  You are basically climbing the whole way to the peak.  Some spots are easier than others, but the closer you get to the peak, the higher the inclines and th

1 35 Went there on Halloween day for lunch.  We sat at the bar.  The bartender was nice but so overwhelmed... even though the place was practically empty.  There were five couples seated at the bar and he managed to get every order incorrect.  Service took forever.  Probably waited 15 minutes just to order a drink.  Again it was not busy at all.  Now for the food.  We had a pizza and a caprese salad.  The caprese salad was awful.  It was on a bed of iceberg lettuce and really lacked any flavor whatsoever.  The pizza, on the other hand, was wonderful and that's why I give Crust 3 starts.  Only for the pizza.  Since this was my first visit, I will be back and hopefully the service and the other food items are better than this visit.

1 36 Great views and scenery. Parking was way crowded. Map was not very descriptive. Tough to follow . Attempted to go on a trail .. But was unable to locate the trail we actually wanted to walk on! Picnic areas were utilized for a nice lil bbq.  Wasn't able to see any wildlife when we were there  but overall was a good time!

1 37 Last time I had a membership here, I literally had to quit just because of the stink in the men's locker room. There was such a foul smell coming from the plumbing, that I could not stand. I didn't feel like being nauseous before and after I worked out, and sometimes the stench would linger into the gym and I just couldn't take it. I brought it up to the sales associate and he told me that it was a plumbing issue with the piping and in order to fix it they would need to repipe the entire establishment and it would be unrealistic to do that, so he kept apologizing to me about it hoping I would stay. Seriously, no I wasn't sticking around for that when there are alternatives. The staff seemed friendly and I saw a crew cleaning the equipment at night, I'm not sure how well kept the place is besides after midnight but I do know it gets hectic in there before 8pm. Just wish it didn't reek of sewage in the locker room.

1 38 We got a newly renovated room, I mean broom closet. There was seriously a foot around the bed to walk. That's it. In the bathroom, the dust hanging off the vent looked like a scary horror movie.  In the 18 hours we spent at the Flamingo, a neighboring room's room service tray of used dishes never moved or was picked up. Gross.  I've stayed at the Flamingo quite a few times and this last visit makes me never want to return.

0 39 The renovations were nice to the Flamingo, the new rooms are pretty cool, especially, if you've been inside some of the older ones.  We had several floors of the Go rooms, and love the tv's in the mirrors in the bathrooms - great way to kill time while getting ready.   The Euro (Go) pool was awesome, we had a great time down there, and it's nice cause it's adults only, so no snotty kids jumping and splashing.  Great dj at the pool, ok drink service, although a little spendy for what you got.  The cabanas were excellent & reasonable.  Hate the lobby format, and the way the casino is situated, it seems to draw the smoke smell in, and it just lingers, I have a hard time breathing in that, and it almost killed me every time I would walk down to try to exit the building.  I didnt even walk thru the casino part, but felt like I had smoked a pack of cigs.

1 18 Shot the M4 here, my first full-auto. They explained everything thoroughly; the store and range area were clean and well maintained. My complaint is that the firearm kept jamming, so I wasn't able to dish out as many rounds at once as I wanted to. I followed all of the instructions, and yet the M4 still jammed four times in one magazine; the range instructor could not determine the problem, but whenever it jammed he just cleared it and handed it back to me. I came here to shoot full-auto, and I could have done semi-auto in Canada, where I'm from. As a result, this was a waste of my money. They should have compensated me, or at least given me a different firearm after it jammed the first or second time.

1 40 Almost a fan, possibly could be a fan. Have to go there again to make that determination.  Anyway, was there this morning with about 16 other car club members. We had let them know we would be coming and when as we all wanted to sit together as a group. When we got there it was as if no one knew anything. We had to wait awhile then we sat at separate tables for 4 each. The tables are movable, you can put several together to accommodate a larger crowd. So, there was no unity in the group for breakfast. Most of the food looked OK. Breakfasts are usually nothing special. The menu was huge but it was mostly sweet this and sweet that with more sweet on the side. Service was good, we all got our orders in pretty good time. To get to the restaurant you have to go through a store that is chock full of...well...junk. Looks like a tourist shop in any southwestern town. I guess it is suppose to be quaint, but when a place as so much stuff you cannot turn around without knocking something off a sh

1 41 Great selection for seating, fun location, cool vibe, yet lacking in more ways than one. Strangely slow service even when there was little traffic, servers were noticeably uneducated on the menu items, and our meal was totally different than what we expected. No ingredients are listed on the menu. At all. Sure they're pretty simple dishes, but who really likes a surprise when you've been waiting for your food? Not planning to return.

1 42 After reading the reviews of the cleaners closest to my house I decided to look for another dry cleaners and I was so happy to have found this family run business; I was nervous on my first trip as the elderly woman working the counter didn't speak English that well and my probing questions on how they treat their clothes and how long the turnaround was etc was a bit too much for her but once her son came over he was able to make me feel positive I was making the correct decision leaving my clothes with them.   When I picked them up they were clean and fresh; I was dropping off some pants and the same lady asked if I would mind if she hemmed the cuffs up for me so I wouldn't be walking on them.  I said sure and started to step around the counter so they could measure the inseam and what not but she said that was not necessary and she could do it by eye....hmm "ancient Chinese secret" I presume; I gave her the green light for one pair of pants and was worried all week.  What I received 

0 23 Hubby and I come here on a semi-regular basis. Either on our own or with guests from out of town. We have a National Parks pass, so we never have to worry about paying at the entrance.   When we come on our own, we hike Turtle (easy to start, steep in the middle, and more manageable near the top).   When we bring friends who aren't necessarily into doing a real hike, we simply drive the loop and stop for pictures here and there.   It's also really fun to simply climb around this place, even just doing the small stuff that doesn't require equipment. The rock is easily grip-able with just about any kind of shoe. And we've taken children as young as three who have felt safe and really enjoyed themselves.   Be warned that this place can get decently buy as it is a tourist spot. This means it can be hard to find parking, hard to take pictures or that the loop might take forever to drive because the person in front of you is going 5 miles an hour.

1 43 This location is pretty terrible.  Most of the machines are very old LifeFitness models. The elliptical trainers do mot adjust incline.  The facility seems clean but the machines have dirt build up. There is also a pretty gnarly smell in the air, they need to work on air circulation...I'll be finding a different location from now on...

1 44 Came here for the 4th of July Philharmonic fireworks. While we loved the fireworks display, it happened 30-35 later than the advertised time. Too hot to be waiting outside. Hopefully they work out the kinks for next year's show.

1 45 My friends and I decided to go to Vegas on one of the hottest weekends of the summer.  We had grand plans to party at Wet Republic during the day, but were defeated by the prospect of traveling to another hotel just to be hot against a different background.  We settled on hitting the pool at the Palazzo, where we were staying.  We decided to check out Azure while we were there, in case we wanted a bit more party with our pool time.  We would've been mad if we'd paid money to get in.  Since we were a group of girls, we got in free, and we were able to scope the place out without paying cover.  What we found was a smaller version of the normal hotel pool, with loud music and more people.  There was no atmosphere - the Palazzo pool is one of the more standard Vegas pools anyway, and the Azure version was maybe even blander.  It was, in other words, worse than the free hotel pool in every possible way.  We ended up spending the afternoon in the Palazzo pool, and the few scattered children 

1 46 The several parks that Mountain's Edge residents were promised may never materialize. At least we finally have this awesome place.  If you have kids, this is the place to take them. Exploration Park has a fun western themed playground, but I may have to tip the hat to Mountain's Edge Regional Park. They have something for all age ranges and they are even marked as such.  Starting from one end, they have the outdoor fitness machines that I previously only saw in Korea. Unfortunately, one of them has already been damaged. Moving over, there is a large area with swings, spinning things, electronic balance-mabobs, stuff to climb on. I'm doing a terrible job of selling this place.  I really like the large climbing structure that looks like a bunch of floating potato chips. Finally, there is another area that is themed to a mini-town, complete with roads and traffic lights at intersections.  After we worked our way through the various play areas, we relaxed a bit on the nice, large grass fie

1 47 I jus recently stayed at the Flamingo in Las Vegas when I took my Mom for Mothers Day (May 2017). We had a room on the 5th floor which is one of the closest floors you can have to the main level which I enjoyed because you were able to get down to go out or back up to your room quickly. Our rom had NO view! It was a view of the building next door- literally a wall. We went down to see if we could switch or upgrade to a room with a view of the strip or the pool and they said yes for $30 a night. You really aren't in your room that much in Vegas anyways besides to sleep so we weren't willing to pay. If you are in your room that much that you need a good view you are doing Vegas wrong. Our room also had an adjoining door to the other room which I didn't like and we were in an upgraded room but the bathroom was still not upgraded which I didn't like.  The show in the hotel was not happening when we left. the show is Donny and Marie which I heard is really good but they were traveling.  I l

1 48 Another day, another groupon.   Of course everyone loves the idea of trampolines, bouncing and all that.   To start, we had to wait (had just missed the start of a session), so we had an hour to kill. We decided to have some espresso - it. was. awful. It tasted like burning garbage. I figured that a trampoline park wouldn't do great espresso, but I didn't think I would want to throw up. Anyways - don't bother with it!   The trampoline part was fun, but I really think it would be better to have times for adults and times for kids. It isn't very fun to be bouncing around, while you've got kids flying off the walls, screaming and trying to shove you off into the middle trampolines so they can have the cool side ones. Also, trampolining for an hour starts to get a bit boring and redundant. There are only so many ways you can jump/fall/bounce off the tops and bottoms. We ended up leaving about halfway in.  Thank goodness for the groupon. Paid next to nothing for the experience. Probably won

1 49 Super disappointed in my stay here.   The lines to check in were ridiculous and moved at a snails pace.  The lobby was filled with a bunch of loud, obnoxious people who blocked the doorways and the kiosks.    We finally got our key and went to our room as we had to weave our way through hoards of people.   The elevator area is always packed and there was garbage on the floor and spilled drinks.  I was stunned.    Our room was very far from the elevators which we thought would be good.  Not so much.  We had large groups of people staying near us that were up all night moving from room to room.  Our room was ok, nothing special and not one I would care to stay in again.   If you are in your room when the pool is open, the music shakes your window and you can hear it clearly.  The casino is very smoky and overall feels dirty.      We have stayed here before, but this trip certainly has made it the last.   Too many better choices in this city.

1 50 The gym and equipment is top notch but they refuse to show how to work equipment though it was promised during my sign up. You get one welcome  lesson and even though there are trainers sitting around chatting with each other, they refuse to demonstrate machines unless you sign up for over-priced personal training.  Quitting was a huge hassle, too... that said the gym is amazingly well equipped, clean, and has a nice environment. They could easily be a 4 or 5 star ratong with improved customer service and hiring trainers and managers that really care about people. If they would have kept their word to show me the machines, I would have signed up for some training but the laziness I witnessed and lack of customer service made them a bunch I didn't want to work with.

1 30 I wish there was a way to review just the pool because this review is pretty much for that alone. Another local girl and I came here after seeing all the posts about the over 21 pool being open and free to local girls. After wandering aimlessly for about 10 minutes because the arrows for the signs were pointed in strange places, we got in line and were told it was a $20 cover for each of us. Props to the cashier who took pity on us, let us in free, and just said to buy something at the bar. Still... $20 per girl? I don't even pay that to get into Encore Beach Club and at least there I usually walk out with something from the giveaways. We went in, bought drinks, and were there about 15 minutes. The over 21 crowd consisted of mostly over 55 people and the vibe was just not there. Will not be coming back here. Ever.

0 39 I remember being a young teenager, exploring the wonderful city of Toronto, trying to find my way to a friend's house east on College...  And I found myself in Allan Gardens. Fearing for my life. I'm from Scarborough, people. And I'm afraid of Allan Gardens. Because while Scarborough may have a bit of gang presence, and some rowdy teenagers with knives, at least it doesn't have meth heads and scary coked out hookers. As well as the needles (I've seen them!).  I'd like to say it's not as bad during the day because they have a leashes off section and lots of cute dogs, but I remember having to interview dog owners in this park for school and a crazy homeless man ruined my shot by running in front of the camera and then trying to steal it.  Avoid at all costs.

0 49 The Good: Book a suite early to snag an amazing deal for a Bachelor/Bachelorette Party. We booked a 4 bed for $720 a night after taxes. It was absolutely enormous and could have slept 14 (8 in actual beds).  The Bad: The sofa pullouts aren't terrible but it would nice if you could rent nice roll-always.  The Good: The Porters were prompt, unloaded a ton of stuff from my car and were friendly. Be sure to tip well.  The Bad: Our room had a narrow vent that is open to the outside hot air. It wouldn't close, and both my friend and I woke up with no voice in the morning.   The Good: The rooms have a kitchen with stove, dishwasher and full size fridge with ice maker... though strangely no liquid dish soap.  The Bad: Valet is $15 per day or you can hike to the mall self parking. I opted for valet.   The Good: The pool area is nice, not huge but nice. And you can order food/drinks. The cabanas only require a $250 food/beverage minimum+ tax/gratuity, and include Voss water and misters. They hav

0 37 Great location that is only $8 uber ride from the strip. This was my first time staying off the strip and I enjoyed it especially on Marriott points.  I was hoping for a better room with a view due to Platinum elite status but the room was ok. The queen bed for my wife and I was a bit tight.


 ###### Service  positive ######
1 3 A quick lunch  Noticed BBQ with good ratings nearby so felt the need...haven't had decent BBQ in awhile.   Service was great  Small dining area (or felt small during lunch lol) Had the 2 meat meal.  Brisket was delicious with good flavor Turkey was moist with good flavor (seldom can I find decent smoked turkey, a real treat) Mac n cheese was very good  Beans were quite bland in my opinion.  The little cornbread things (mini muffins) were dry but good flavor   Nothing needed sauce.. to me that's a good sign. (Sauce is available )  Big disappointment was the side cups and soda cups..styrofoam! Better options out there.

1 1 Just voted best community pool in Pittsburgh! You'll find the regular pool amenities: shallow and deep ends, lap lane, diving board and snack bar. They also have a slide, mushroom fountain, slide and ample "lawn" to sunbathe and relax.  The community "pooled" (ha ha!) together to raise money to repair and save.  The staff is friendly, helpful and keeps the pool in tip-top shape.

1 3 Here for the Arsenal Challenge tournament.  Nice enough facility but mosquitoes are out in full force. Has playground for kids and a small pond.  Decent soccer fields and good baseball diamonds.

0 5 I've only been here once, but it was a good experience.   There are several dog parks in one large park area, including one with a water area for some doggie swimming. The space in the fenced in areas seemed ample.   The only thing I did not like was that you had to leave the fenced area in which you were to access the water fountain for your dog to get a drink. There should have been a water fountain placed in each of the park areas.   This place is kind of far and I was only down there because of an errand, so I may return on another occasion when I'm not too busy.

1 6 I love this park, and my dogs do too!  It's beautiful and well maintained.   Even on a busy day there's still plenty of room to walk around, exercise, or have a picnic!

1 7 My daughters love this place especially the Little Xtremers 5 & under section. They recently did construction on the whole place and it's fantastic. We had my oldest daughter's bday party here and the party host, Rayni, was fantastic. They took care of everything, all we did was show up have fun and leave! Definitely recommend this place for moms looking for something to do with their kids.

1 9 Love this place. Had my daughter's bday here. Lots of stuff to do to change it while the kids run around. Good seating area for lounging and snacking. Management is really nice.

1 10 This is a nice neighborhood park. The play area for kids is great. No kids, but I notice it. I like the somewhat-hidden trail. We take the dogs to the back end of the trail and then head towards the park then back to the car.

1 2 Booked this place through Hotels.com for spending New Years Eve in Las Vegas.  All other comparable hotels were easily over $500 for two nights so I ended up going with South Point for roughly $300 for two nights.    At first I was a little worried about staying here mainly due to the commute (not the quality of the place as it was opened in 2005) but I was happily surprised.    Check in was a breeze even though it was the Friday before NYE and everyone was coming into town.  Even though there was quite a long line the casino had all the counters manned and checking in and getting into the room took less than 20 minutes.  Moreover, during check in they also give you a coupon book for some free stuff or buy one get one free stuff which was kind of cool.  Only complaint was that when calling in to inquire about when you can check in took about 10 minutes on hold to get to speak with someone.  The room itself was very spacious and clean and comes with all the amenities that you would expe

1 11 I brought my 2 grandchildren here during fall break. They are 7 & 4 - those boys had a great time. Plenty of seating for the parents. A fun way to spend two hours. The staff was lighthearted and raced with my boys having a great time. I will definitely come back!

1 12 I love the restaurant. The Greek Salad is the best. Staff is cordial. Decore is nice. Service is timely. Thumbs up!

1 14 We love staying at the Flaming Hotel. It's nice and no one tries to knock down the door at 8am trying to get into clean. The only issues I had were: no "Do Not Disturb" sign (had to make our own), they did not resupply us with clean glasses, no free WIFI, and no pen or notepad to write on. Other than those three, we had a nice stay. Hopefully we can stay an extra day to enjoy the pool area.

1 14 This place almost makes you want to BE a dog! The little furry guys seem so happy and joyous jumping into the water fetching balls, running around freely and making new friends. The people here are very friendly and kind. Very family friendly, large, clean, and efficient dog park. Was very fun just to sit back and watch the pooches have the times of their lives.

1 15 For modern sporting rifles and accessories, this is the place.  Their website has their in-stock numbers, and they are accurate.  I've been many times, known what I wanted, assumed they had it, and they did.  No disappointments.  Solid gun store.

1 16 While I am not in love with Wildflower, I do have to mention the great service we had recently. We have food allergies, so we are "those people" when we place an order. CarolAnne was very patient and friendly with us AND she got our order entered correctly on the first try! It sounds funny but that doesn't happen very often. We told the manager how sweet she was and she was happy to hear that as this is CarolAnn's first job. Keep up the friendly service CarolAnne! I also noticed new management at this location, which was much needed.

1 17 This park is located on the West side of town which is out of my way. Nevertheless, I make the drive a few times a week or at least on weekends. As many others have noted, this park is HUGE. It has a walking/running track, tennis courts, a basketball court, and a long grass field which can used as a soccer, baseball and a football field. It's nice watching kids play, couples jogging and dog owners walking their dogs. Hearing laughter and playful sounds from people at the park is always welcome. Personally, one of the main reasons I come to this park is the views it offers from the top overlooking the field below. It also gives you a great view of the sunset as the sun settles down behind the mountain. Another reason why I frequent this park, it's because I write songs as a hobby and this setting helps me relax and rest while thinking of lyrics to write.  Anyways, there is plenty of parking on the north and south side which both lots can be access through Decatur and Tropicana. It's qui

1 19 After checking out several places similar to host our daughter's birthday, we chose Xtreme Air. The party hosts, Noelle and Jayson were great and very attentive. The staff and events planner, Jazzy, worked well with all my requests and let me in nearly an hour prior to the party to decorate with my own supplies and then commented on how great it came together. I am extremely detailed oriented and they covered every base and assisted me the night before when I came in to do a final walk through of the room. Our party was enjoyable and my other daughter already mentioned that she too now wants her party there. Conner checked us out and asked us about our experience and was quite friendly as well. I highly recommend this place and the best thing about it compared to other like facilities other than the amazing prices and service was the cleanliness

1 20 good service , nice ambiance...terrible pancakes

1 21 Came in for dinner with my family. We love your restaurant.  Food is awesome, service is awesome, atmosphere is exactly what i want in an Italian restaurant. Pricing is a little up there but its definetly worth it and you get what you pay for.  I must say last night our server Ben was beyond amazing. He was on top every table he had. Giving top notch service to ever single table. Including 2 that weren't even his. 1 of them was us. He was 1 of the best servers we have ever had. There is no possible way Ben could have made our experience any better he was beyond perfect. That man would make an awesome manager for your establishment in the future. Do not lose that man.

1 22 Came here cuz someone told us it's affiliated with the actual world wide Shangri-La hotel. Firstly, it's not :( don't get fool. When you arrive it's exactly like it's named a banquet hall.  The stage is decor with wedding back drops and there are additional ones just sitting here outside the hall.  During the day, they are opened to the public for dim sum. So we figured, let's give it a shot.  On a Saturday at noon, I'm surprised, there weren't any line ups. Parking lot was kinda full, but still tons of room inside. Service was excellent but the dim sum is so so. Many much better dim sum around the area.  However, they do have some cool looking selections. But don't over kill and order too much! They do charge for take out boxes. $0.35/ea to be exact.  Highlight of the visit: fried shrimp ball thingy. Looks and taste awesome  Food (Taste): 3/5 Food (Presentation): 5/5 Kitchen (Delivery Speed): 3/5 Service: 4/5 Ambiance: 2/5 Fun Factor: 2/5 Free Wifi? No

1 23 I hosted my birthday event here a few weeks ago, and had an absolutely fantastic time! I came with a group of about 20 people and booked about a month in advance, which I would highly recommend doing, because spots fill up fast. All the staff here are super professional and adept at handling events with large groups and ensuring everyone has fun. For most of the people in my group, it was our first time throwing axes, so the staff gave us tips and pointers and also gave us ample time to practice before starting the "friendly competition." Once you've booked the place, you don't even have to worry about anything else. They arrange everything for you, and pair people up randomly for the competition, so you don't even have to worry about a thing, and everyone gets a chance to play like 4 rounds during the round robin part. For some reason they left my friend's name off the list and didn't realize until it came time for her to pay - but they were super nice about the mistake and still let 

1 24 The perfect quick getaway from town...  As Friday's approach I start thinking about this place pretty much every weekend. If I'm in town and not exploring other parks this is super convenient and really the perfect, quick getaway. Just over half an hour from the strip for tourists and just 15 mins from my home in Summerlin. If I could start everyday in this park I would. I'm absolutely smitten by it and I continue to discover more of its beauty on each visit.   The 13 mile scenic drive is great but I highly encourage everyone to get out of their car and get on a trail. The deeper in you get the more beautiful and serene it gets. It's so worth it to sweat a little and explore what this area has to offer. You can get on a very easy trail or you can pretend you're a mountain climber and risk your life the way I do. Whatever floats your boat.   My favorite area so far is the Lost Creek Trail that is less visited & not too many visitors go all the way so I love the peace & quiet you can get

1 25 Stayed here for almost three months for business, so a review is definitely needed.  I loved staying here! I was originally slated to stay in a different place on the other side of town, but paying about $120 & basically living in a cardboard box was not my cup of tea, so my coworker suggested the Residence Inn, where he stayed last year & was currently staying.  Check in was seamless and the lobby was beautifully decorated, my bags were taken to my room, I was given a brief tour where I was shown the business center, gym, pool, breakfast area, and basketball/tennis courts.  My room was on the 8th floor, and upon entering I was pleasantly surprised, a full kitchen greeted me to the right, including a table for two, a complete living room and office area greeted me to the left (the couch even had a pull out bed), and the bedroom/bathroom/closet was just around the corner.  With sweeping views of the strip, Las Vegas Eye, and the mountains, I was very pleased.  There was a complimentary 

1 27 While enjoying a nice run along both sides of the river, I passed through this park.  It's definitely a nice place for a run (not hemmed in by prisons and highways like the path on the other side).  The paths are wide and there are benches and sculptures to sit on and see, respectively.  During my afternoon run I saw a lot of people walking their dogs and enjoying the views of the river.    It looks like they are still doing some work on it and some parts of the path were not as even as I would like, but they really did a nice job here.

1 28 Great!  I'm a fan of escape room games, and this is one of the better designed games.  The owners themselves clearly take pride in their establishment, as it seems like they put a lot of time into making creative puzzles. They just opened in early 2016 - so, the rooms are clean and taken care of.  I played the FBI and failed though still had a blast. Will definitely return to try one of the other rooms in the near future.  Recommended!

0 7 Out of the concrete jungle and into the beautiful splendor of Red Rock. This and Mt. Charleston are probably my 2 favorite places in Southern NV to just zone out and get away from the city. It's only 7$ for an all day thrill ride to Red Rock. There's a scenic loop that winds around the area, which offers phenomenal views of the natural beauty spread across the area. What's awesome is no two trails are alike, each have their own special attributes, challenges and splendor. There are spots to pull off to the side of the road for snapshots as well as parking areas for each trail. Overall the people who frequent this area are fellow nature lovers. Bring a pair of appropriate footwear and get ready for an adventure.I can't really put into words how amazing this place is, the only thing I can do is Highly recommend this to you if you are in the area or passing by, if you love the outdoors you won't regret it.  P.S. Take a look at the pictures I took from my latest trip here.

1 29 We went to Pole Position as part of a team building event with work.  It was pretty fun! Definitely a great place to bring out the competitive attitude in everyone!

1 30 Just had an amazing hot flow session today!  If you're local to Henderson/Las Vegas and want a little more to your yoga practice, I highly recommend this place. They're always having specials on membership or even free classes based on donations to different causes every week if you want to try it out. I was on an introductory month special for $40 instead of the monthly $89. They did offer to upgrade me to unlimited for $79/month but unfortunately due to my own personal budget, I wouldn't be able to accommodate the cost right now. I always feel amazing after coming here so I'll be returning in the winter months for sure when I can afford it. Overall, the place is always superbly clean and aromatically refreshing. Great sacred vibe and very traditional in terms of their method and philosophy. No judgment, very professional and friendly staff that make it a point to provide the best experience for everyone. If you can spare the monthly rate, I definitely recommend it because any other h

1 31 It was more than a while since we've been here.  While the place was quiet; the service was great.  The Tofu soup was good with very good vegetables (not too many baby corn - very good); wish had more mushrooms in there.  Got the lemon chicken; sauce was excellent.  Also the Shrimp Egg Foo Yung; again one of the few places that makes Egg Foo Yung like my mother; the gravy was excellent also.  Asked about the sauce and they said they are all made from scratch.  You definately can tell.  Will be back again.

1 10 The Holden Arboretum is like a public park except it's not open to the public. You do have to be a member of the Holden Arboretum in each member gets a third of which you punch your key code into a gate which allows you to get into the Holden Arboretum and walk around. The majority of the bridges Lake attractions and events are all sponsored by benefactors. The place appears to be exceptionally clean and well-maintained as you would expect he privately run plot of land. We got there at the end of the season but the main attractions that attracted the most people this year which are extended Bridges and this big skyscraper 3/4 things. We're both closed. That's okay we still had a great time hiking around and we're able to get some great Autumn photographs. I'm not sure what it cost to join the Holden Arboretum but we went as guests of my parents. I'll be sure to get back cuz I can't wait to see what it looks like in the summer.

1 32 I went here with my family and it was a very good experience. It's a dimly lit, Italian restaurant with some of the best service I've seen, and it feels like a pretty high-end restaurant when you come in, but it's not super formal that everybody has to dress up - but it wouldn't be surprising if you did.  Not many people when we went so service was very good, and it was pretty quiet. I ordered the seafood linguine which was made almost perfectly, the linguine was cooked just right and everything else complemented the pasta and sauces pretty well. Everybody else seemed to enjoy their food as well, so no complaints there!  We had a great time, and I think this is an underrated restaurant.

1 33 Apart from being one of the Oldest Casino & Hotels on the Las Vegas strip, I and My Husband Love Flamingo Las Vegas as the service you receive there is amazing, we recently got Married in Down Town Disney ( now renamed Disney Springs Orlando) and then flew out to Las Vegas for Our Honeymoon, we was given the Top Floor and an Executive suit, the views over the strip is exactly what we wanted, requested and got. the room was clean and fresh towels every day, we are clean and tidy people but they still and cleaned every where again, the Casino apart from the great choice of slots, video poker and black jack machines, there is the tables, the staff are always friendly and always happy to help. the restaurants, Diners, Bars and price range from cheap diners to exclusive, we like to eat at Johnny Rockets and also the Flamingo Garden Buffet where you can sit and look out over the Flamingos, and ducks and fish, the beautiful waterfalls, we was going to get married here then decided to get marr

1 35 Omg this place is beautiful I stayed here for 4 days with my daughter and it was so nice. Close to Miracle Miles shops! The pool is huge with alot of pool furniture to use and great music. My stay overall was great and I will definitely stay there every time I'm in town. Great location, great staff, and Wonderful suites.

1 36 I had the best experience at Valet.  "Rosa" parked my car in and brought it out when I was leaving.  She was so friendly asking me where I was headed and made suggestions.  I told her I am boycotting MGM because of them suing the victims of October 1, and she reminded me that Caesars properties are some of the most world-renowned resorts in the world (she told me on five continents) and that Caesars has everything I need! I took her advice and got in to the spa at Paris and lunch at Caesars Palace!  I forgot how beautiful these properties are, and I am so happy I ran into this bubbly and vivacious girl to remind me that Caesars is where Kings and Gods have stayed :) On the way out we had a nice talk and she was so professional.  Rosa is a great ambassador for Caesars Properties and I hope you treat her better than MGM is treating the victims of October 1!  P.S. She recommended Giada's and I am going there next. Wish she would tell me how to get into a pool when I am not a guest! :(

1 12 A pretty good size Casino off the strip, we stopped here while waiting for our rooms to be ready at the Worldmark were staying at.  Free parking is always a plus now a days in Las Vegas, and they have it! I did had some change wanted to get rid of,, and ended up using their change thing that charges 5% (was hoping not to have to pay to exchange my coins to cash)  We also ended up eating here at the Steak n Shake,  and they have a very good selection of restaurants here!

1 37 Great events put on here.  Love the neighborhood.  Country in the Park today.  Free concert every year  Local bands as well as recording artists.  Thank you Mountains Edgar HOA  Great job.

1 39 came here for a birthday party and my daughter had a great time.

1 40 I don't have a dog.  But my parents do and I was dog sitting for them. So I brought their Chocolate Dobbie here. Walked him since I live close. The area is quite large.   There is a small dogs area for the little guys on the west side of the park. Fenced off.   Then there is a larger area for the big dogs.  No park police here, dog parks are kinda funny I kept thinking of a Portlandia episode while I was here. But everyone was pleasant and my dog ran and had a blast.   They have benches, water fountains for humans and dogs in each area.   Great place!

1 41 Waited two years for this park to open, and it officially opened today! Monday the 8th 2012 There's a new place in town for everyone to enjoy all the way down to the four legged member of the family. Exactly 80 acres of  playground, dog run, jogging, walking, and picnic areas. But if that's not enough it also has a baseball area, soccer field, basketball  and tennis court. The park also consists of  14 acres of natural conservation area and a flood detention basin. I was lucky to be here on opening day and can't wait to bring my dogs and enjoy an UYE here.  The park was named after philanthropist Charles Frias who was very active in a number of local organizations                                                                                                                                                     Thank you Charlie!

1 42 We recently held an anniversary party in one of their banquet rooms.  I cannot express how easy they made this event planning for us.  From the very first phone call through paying the check, they were incredibly nice to work with and so helpful.  I highly recommend them for any event you might have.    Stancato's has been a family favorite for many years.  We continue to have them cater parties and get together's.  Their food is delicious and there is variety of options.  We will continue to use Stancato's for their quality food and excellent service!

1 43 Year two and it keeps getting better! Canteen (NoDa Co stores little sister) has made this location that much better. Live music, mindful creative decor and great events! Love

1 44 There is one thing I am a HUGE stickler on when it comes to hot yoga studios: Cleanliness. As if sweating like a rainforest in a studio with twenty other people isn't enough to get your OCD flaring, Modo does an immaculate job keeping everything sanitized and clean for your comfort. I have been highly impressed with the well-kept maintenance of the studio, everything from the lobby to the hot room itself. The atmosphere in the lobby is cozy, welcoming, and a great hub to socialize with fellow studio members and meet instructors themselves. There is free tea and coffee (win!) for those who need a pick me up or are refreshing themselves after a class. The hot room is comfortable and nothing that is too scorching. The best part of the studio are the instructors, to which a range of them will pass through and each offer very unique, different vibes to every class. While I used to be a person who preferred one and only one instructor, I have learned to adapt to different expectations and ex

1 45 This is a good dog park. It's a big area for the dogs to run around. There isn't anything particularly interesting about it, but my dog enjoyed herself.  There is a box of balls available, which is nice if you forgot/lost/ruined a ball.  I may return if I'm not busy since I do not live in Phoenix.

1 46 Picture this!  Toronto, it was super cold outside, right in the middle of the winter.  There I was walking around in a garden without wearing a down jacket.  No, I'm not describing a scene from a future global warming effect.  I'm talking about a little gem right here in Toronto.  Allan Gardens Conservatory took me by surprise from the moment I stepped inside.  Greeted by bamboo, palm and banana trees (and a rush of warm air), I was wowed by the collection of plants from different climate.  The cactus house will make you feel as if you are in a desert paradise.  The tropical house is filled with colorful warm climate plants and flowers such as hibiscus and orchids.  One of my favorite green houses is the seasonal house.  Right now, it is filled with spring flowers.  I also love the quietness within the conservatory.  For about an hour, I forgot that I was in the middle of a city.  It's open all year round, and best of all, it's Free!

1 47 I went there for the first time yesterday to try out a couple guns that I wanted to try since I was in the market for my first handgun. The RO was really nice and informative and taught me how to shoot the proper way. I then decided I also needed to try an MP5 which was probably the best decision I made because it was super fun! I plan on definitely going back and getting a membership. thanks again guys!

1 49 There are so many interesting things within Hart House to explore!   Not only is it a fabulous building with lots of history, there are so many components and a variety of things to do, such as:  - Venue spaces (meetings, weddings, etc) - Athletics facilities (cheap for grads / staff, free for students) - Lounge spaces (read a book, relax, etc) - Sammy's Student Exchange (cheat and fast eats) - Gallery Grill (a slightly more classy lunch) - Hart House Theatre (campus productions)   ... and so many more interesting spots to explore.   If I was just rating the Hart House gym, I would definitely do a 5 star - there is always cardio equipment available, they have a great range of drop-in classes with professional instructors, a pool, a smaller private cardio room, and the staff are super friendly! They also have a large change room which always has available lockers.   While sometimes the other staff can be a bit short, Hart House is still a beautiful campus building and is definitely wort

1 50 I really like Tumbleweed Rec Center.  They are open late enough that I can get a workout in after work.  They have a variety of machines to use.  I also really like the indoor track.  They also offer a lot of fitness classes, but I haven't tried any yet.  It's clean and well maintained.  I like working out there.

1 15 Out of all the gyms I've had a membership at throughout the years, I'd say this is my favorite health club. I signed up with them back in Oct 2012 and they offered me $10 a month membership with a $35 sign up fee, which was the cheapest I could find back then.  I signed up with PF because I was working out with a friend who highly recommended it. I was given a tour and noticed that the gym was well organized, well maintained and had a very friendly staff.   My only complaint on PF as a whole is that they need to open up more locations closer to the center of town. If you happen to be in the neighborhood though I highly recommend PF to anyone who is serious about working out. You won't regret it!

0 19 This was hyped out to be an awesome dog park! On paper it sounds great... multi section parks for all variety of dogs, water area for our paw pals to swim in, what a place to spend an evening. The reality of it though... only one section has the pond so why bother making your way here if you don't play in the water right? However, the water is so dirty, that my boy did not want to step foot in it. If you end up here I highly recommend you wash your dog right after due to the swampy water.  All in all, I think this place has potential to be an awesome park, if the city is willing to commit resources to clean the pond so it doesn't stink like a farm.

1 34 Great place if you have a pogo pass! Also remember to bring your special socks otherwise they will charge you. Pogo pass only works during the weekday and is well worth it then. However, today we went and it cost$30 for two kids for 1 hour to jump and play. I would say I don't think we will go back without a pogo pass.

1 27 Red Rock is a great place just West of the city.  This is one of the first places I visited when I moved here almost 6 years ago.  What has really helped me explore more of the area is geocaching and a hiking meetup group.  I would have never realized some of the great hikes there are in the area without the help of others.  Some of my favorite areas are the ones not crowded with tourists.  Follow the loop around to the far west side where there is less parking in the lots and those are some of the best hikes.  Icebox canyon, a must!  Everywhere along the road the views are crazy and sometimes you may even see a few burros running around.  What I do have a problem with now is that you can't even walk or bike in for free anymore.  So when I don't feel like paying or don't want to buy a new year pass I just hop over the Calico and do hiking over there.  You can hike into Red Rock for free!
1 41 I love Red Rock!!! It's just amazing! Beyond amazing.  Please, make time to get up to this park and explore. The visitor center is just wonderful. All of your questions will be answered. You'll learn so much about Nevada and the many important national parks.   The scenery is out of this world. Bring your camera and prepare to be amazed. Your family and friends will never believe that Las Vegas is so much more than a city with lights and gambling.   Red Rock will turn you into a photographer. :-)  There are many trails. Go hiking! The visitor center has all of the information you'll need.  My kids love gong to the visitor center to grab a box of chocolate candy rocks. :-)  Enjoy!   Military get into the parks for Free, btw. Just show your ID. Otherwise I believe it's $7 to get into the park. :-) Bring Cash.

1 43 great fun and it is free. concert at night lots cute shops

