 ###### Price  negative ######
1 1 A Great, Quaint & intimate venue! Pretty much any seat is ideal. Great energy! No parking fee, but on dirt lot throughout . Tickets a bit over-priced. Drinks & food way over-priced- to be expected though. Food options VERY limited and nothing to write home about. A lot of tables & chairs to dine at, but are not occupied. It has a lot of potential with empty space to fill for activities and other food vendors. A must to check out!

1 2 My friend was given a groupon as a birthday gift for the zombie shooting experience. We are both horror junkies so this was thrilling news to hear.   I use the link provided by groupon which directed me to the website......... I found this website to be EXTREMELY DIFFICULT to navigate. Once to the website you're presented with different options with different prices however there are no descriptions to what comes with each price....... I.E. The groupon was for the shooting experience which correlates to the 36$ option there was however nothing there to explain this I only found this out after making a phone call and several trial and error attempts.   Upon arriving you're set up with a group of people, about 10 or so. You patiently wait your turn until a drill sergeant hurls the door open demanding the next group of survivors. You go outside where the commanders teach you how to use the pump handle shotgun, give you a few practice shots, and let you take a group photo with a zombie.   

1 3 I remember Robert Redford gracing us with his presence when Sundance first opened.  I was happy Sundance came to Madison, we needed it.    Sundance is a tad more expensive than the regular old theater we are all used to, but I appreciate what it offers us for the price.  The seats are comfy, and the screens/surround sound superb.  The hallways are lined with trees in a way that makes one feel they are walking through a wooded tapestry.  The mood lighting is seductive, and soft.    Even the people are fun, people!  The older generation was out and about when I was there, and they were drinking beers, climbing over seats so as not to have to disturb others by walking through their row - and just generally having a good time.    I like the assigned seating.  I sat and people watched while eating a smuggled cupcake.    I'll pay a bit extra to attend Sundance movies.  It's just classy, and that makes me snobby.

0 8 I am pleased to give this theater 5/5 stars!  Admission - To bring me in, they offer admission specials on Mondays and Wednesdays (less than $5) and $5.25 admission all day on Tuesday.  I was so excited, I didn't ask about the rest of the week.  However, the price of $8.50 is less than I pay at home.  I was able to see a new movie of my choosing from the 16 available.  Concessions - they offer daily specials here as well.  One was a medium drink and small popcorn for $7.  These are prices I love!  I will say the flow of conessions is a bit odd so if this is your first time visiting the theater, give yourself extra time to get through here as the registers are abscured from view.  Theater - the rocking leather seats are very comfortable.  They may be slightly more spacious than regular theater seating and you may still experience some kicking behind you (nip it in the bud early).  The sound was great as was the view.  Overall, the theater was clean and the staff were attentive.  I read 

0 5 Definitely old school feeling once you walk in.    The casino is dim and the hotel just feels ancient.   Long cab ride from the airport.  My friends and I booked this hotel for one night.  Thank god.  The rooms are big but the newest thing in the room is probably 30 years old.    Avoid at all cost.

0 6 Summer, Sunday on a hot blazing afternoon, what to do? Prep up with your culture and history, and explore this place, for this is the ghost of Vegas that you would want to know especially ESPECIALLY if you are a local.  Some really cool tidbits that you can check out here:  - a slab of a Wooly Mammoth fossilized bones with bite marks - old postcards and chips of long dead defunct  casinos - the Donner migration story - Area 51 exhibit - stuffed/taxidermed animals of the LV desert - the Pauite Indians  - Elvis underwear (just kidding)  This is one place where one can dehustle the bustle of the strip, yes I like the pool too, but this is knowledge one can swim without drowning. I am surprised that this is literally a ghost town when I was there; I fervently pray that kids are introduced to this museum as part of their education, and that funding continues for its  viability. Locals get a discount on admission, PLUS the pass entitles one to visit Springs Preserve. If shopping or souvenir 

1 8 I've been coming to RTH to see these guys  since I was at least 6 years old to the Young People's Concert on Saturday afternoons. It was an excellent child friendly way to introduce your child to Classical music.  They made it fun, full of story telling and interaction.  It's still going on, and when it's my turn I'll probably do the same.   But lately, it's sad that the Symphony is a dying art form. It's gotten the point where they would pay money for people to come see it.  They even closed the 3rd level of the hall last night. Probably a smart idea, as last time there were many a bald spot in the seating areas.    They have started to choose a more modern repertoire, and trying to bring in the younger blood with it's TSoundcheck program.   If you're 15-35, you can get $14 tickets on the day of. You can also subscribe (min 3 concerts) for $33 each for seats that usually sell for $110 (in the case of Joshua Bell next month). I thought it was an excellent deal, until I realized how emp

0 7 I came here for a weekend event with a big group of friends.  I've never stayed downtown so I was a bit skeptical at first.  They have remodeled the hotel and for the price (I think it was around $40) it was a very good bargain.  The room was nice and comfy and I had a nice view of the pool.  The event room where we had our dances was very spacious and very accommodating for our group.  As a matter of fact my group is coming here for a week long event this year because everyone was so happy.    They don't have a lot of restaurants to choose from but you're right on the corner of Freemont street with ton of options.  They do have Hash a Go Go and I really enjoyed dining there!    The only negative that I can think of is that they don't have a jacuzzi.  The pool is really nice but they definitely need to add a jacuzzi.  It never even occurred to me that a Las Vegas casino wouldn't have one.  Come on guys...you spent all the money remodeling and didn't put in a jacuzzi!   The casino was n

1 9 I saw some of the reviews on here and I was expecting something terrible but it went great with the Keith Urban concert. The concessions are way overpriced but you go anywhere like this and the concessions will be through the roof. I give it a great rating as the parking was awesome, the sound was great and the traffic wasnt too bad. The only reason why it wasnt 5 stars was because the security was awful with letting the drunks really take over at some points in the midway

1 15 Only got one star because I cannot give Zilch!   Stay Away! The staff make it a dump! Manger and staff could not have been nastier! I had booked a mini Jacuzzi Suite as my husband's valentines gift. We had concert tickets for that night. Thursday I phoned to confirm, no prob, they even sent an email to confirm. Arrived at 6:00 on Sat and they told me that my suite was not available, and they had DOWNGRADED us to a regular room. I explained that we were local, for a reg room we could stay at home! This was a special occasion! The clerk would not bend so I asked to speak to the manager. She told me that my booking only entitled me to a room not any specific room!!! They could upgrade me for $100 to a full suite. I was over a barrel ( thuis was a gift and I was mortified to be arguing over the price) so I had to pay., almost $300!!! I paid more for a suite at the CRUMMY Eastside Cannery than I would have paid for for a 5 star on the strip! Incidentally the casino stinks like an old ashtra

1 11 The hubs and I stayed here four years ago, back when we could still call ourselves tourists, and The Plaza was a straight up dump.  Twelve seasons and thirty five million dollars later it's more like a butter face girl with a mall department store cosmetic counter make over.  Sure it looks better, but you can still tell under all the frills it's might not be something you want.  There is a strange mix of old and new in here and you can point out right away what has been there for a while.    I'll start with the old.  Thirty year old chandeliers stick out in a otherwise completely redone elevator vestibule.  Painted doors and hinges that stick in their frames next to poorly placed designer wallpaper.  Tiny bathtubs sit with shiny new faucets and tile.  Light switches and plates stained yellow from decades of smoke pop out from an almost completely renovated room.  There was a threadbare blanket tucked neatly between two new sheets instead of a comforter on the bed.  In the sports book y

1 12 The new Harkins at Fashion Square is an absolutely beautiful theatre.  It does not even compare to theatres at home for us in Calgary - you Americans have it pretty good!  Pros: EVERY seat is a gigantic leather recliner - unlike other premium theatres in Scottsdale such as Studio Movie Grille and iPic where you have to pay extra for automated recliners.  We visited twice in one week, and neither show was overly packed.  Even if the show was full, there are wide aisles and you would not be uncomfortable.  Cons:  You pay $2 extra per ticket to purchase online, and they do not offer a discount for matinees.  But $14 for an adult is still cheaper than iPic for reserved seating.  Our tip would be go early if you can to purchase your tickets and select your seats in advance.

1 13 I certainly won't be back.  I loved the old Camelview but I'm certainly not paying $16 a ticket. (Other people say its $14, but I just went to their site and it said $17 including a $1 service charge, so maybe they raised their prices.) 3 miles away the same movies cost $7.  I guess they think because they are in Fashion Square it gives them to rip-you-off. They are confused. The theaters are small with assigned seats. Really what is the difference? I'm there to see the movie. When I was there it was 2/3 empty and it probably only has 1/3 the seats of a regular theater.  Sound and movie were like any others I've seen in the last 10 years. They have some kind of a restaurant and bar, but I'm not sure who would go there when there are so much better places in the mall.  Dan, you screwed up on this one. I won't be back.

1 15 Since I was staying here I decided to put the baby & hubby to bed and see a movie. Went and saw a 3D one called Legend of the Guardians The Owls of  Ga'hoole. It was showing in the XD theater so it was 15 bucks to see it..no biggie since I had a coupon for free popcorn! I went and got a huge icee as well. The seats in the theater were super cushy and rocked. I was literally the only person there so I picked the best spot and hunkered down. Great movie for effects but it was soooo cold. I was glad I brought a jacket but wish I had brought socks. So after it was over it was midnight and I went to the bathrooms..they were HORRIBLE! I give them 0 stars. So after my traumatic bathroom experience I walk out and see Resident Evil 3D just started and looked around and saw no-one and walked my ass in and sat down and saw another movie..for free.

0 19 Outstanding performances of classic Broadway songs!  I have to admit that I had fairly low expectations of this show - based primarily on the name. "Showstoppers" sounds like a cruise ship or community theater show. I couldn't have been more wrong.This is a top-notch, extravagent, beyond-professional production.   The beautiful live orchestra alone is worth the ticket price. You just don't hear that sound anymore. Some of the best musicians in Vegas are up there, and they knock it out of the park.  The performers were also absolutely Broadway caliber. It is one of the best-danced shows that I've ever seen anywhere.    The lead performers just radiated charisma and talent - especially  Kerry O'malley, who brought pure star quality to everything that she did. She is every bit the equal of LuPone, Marin Mazzzie, and Audra McDonald. I'm amazed that I haven't heard more of her before this.   I didn't love every number. Some were just odd choices, but all were done well.   So, the caveats? T

0 18 Dropped by one night with Matthew S, and based on the name of the place, I thought the Crooked Cue was a gay bar. Turns out it is a pool hall!   Huge space, clean bathrooms, equipment in good order, and probably about 20 different tables.  They charge by the minute per table and pints are about 6$. Not crazy. Played for about an hour and a half and the pool cost was ~30$. So at about 30 cents a minute, you better enjoy it.

1 20 I was really looking forward to checking this place out, but it turned out to be way over priced and not very fun. I felt like I could've played these games on my kids' Xbox.  We waited long for drinks and clips (waiting for clips is ridiculous btw) and every little thing was extra.  It also smelt like sewage, which was really odd and off putting. Don't waste your money.

1 21 There's honestly not much to write about - it's a movie theater. There's nothing truly unique about it. But it is nice, big, and clean. It's not too crowded and laid-out nicely. I also like that it is separate from the rest of the casino (more separate than the movie theaters in other casinos). I also appreciate that matinees are only $6.75, which is practically a bargain compared to some other theaters. And I must say that their popcorn does seem to be tastier than other places. And the concession area is a much better layout than in other theaters. Though, the concession items are just as over-priced as other theaters.

1 22 Invited friends to go bowling before a dinner party at our home. We had fun, but the prices are a bit out of line, it was clean, and the staff were attentive. I feel their prices need to be considered when you are going bowling. We will go back again to give them another try. Their prices deter us from going their too often.

1 23 This place was just ok little overpriced for what you get the game itself isn't any better than something you would play at Dave & Busters but for ten times the cost the similar part is definitely not worth ten extra dollars The Guns of cells are pretty cool because they actually feel realistic this place may be cool if you bring a bunch of friends and just hanging out give me something to do but if you come at night at think it's like 35 or 40 bucks an hour definitely won't be back I'll be going Dave and Buster's next time

1 24 First off... know that you will be charged another $10 dollars just to PARK!. Basic ticket price is $37.50 per person (everyone over 12 yrs). Is it worth it? a reluctant yea.. there are a lot of inter-active games and displays. I bought tickets 4-5 weeks ago, and was so excited that it was opening here, just a mile away! If the tickets were a little cheaper I would go again, but now it's off my bucket list, i'm not going back. A lot of work and thought went into this event, nicely done and great staff. Bring a jacket, it's cold throughout. Bring the kids, it's more for them. I was told it was targeted to the adults, but that was lack-lustered for my tastes. First room they have you stand in front of a green screen for a picture, but give you no input on how or what it is for, they need to put samples of the three backdrop pictures up front so you can have a small idea of the finish product. They have cafe food on-site, which we didn't try, there is a lot to take in, you can spent a qui

1 25 Not bad, but the place is sort of showing its age. Roughly the same distance from my house as the Queensway Cineplex, I'd have to say that I prefer the latter all things considered, but of course it comes down to show times and the availability of the movie I want in non-3D.   Parking isn't fantastic but a step above Queensway...if you drive around long enough or are willing to walk a bit. The lobby is undergoing what seems to be constant renovations but it's minimally intrusive and if I were to guess, I'd say that it looks a little better than it used to. The theatres themselves are fine and pretty much on par with the other options in the area (it is a virtual monopoly, in case you weren't aware). There's no VIP lounge or bar as there is in the Queensway but the overpriced concessions are also pretty much the same as the other Cineplex locations, other than the fact that this one does have one of those cool Coca-Cola Freestyle machines, albeit with one big asterisk: it actually says 

0 38 Going into this review, you should know I'm basing this review on what I expect a really locals-only gaming place should be.   I found myself at the Wildfire because there were some dudes working on my car down the street from there. Seeing as it was going to take them an hour to get me going again, I decided to walk out to the Wildfire.   I don't know what I was expecting, but this place is really small. It's just a casino, so there's no hotel portion like Texas Station or Arizona Charlie's or anything like that. As such, the place is really small and there aren't (currently) any restaurants like the aforementioned properties. And I say (currently) because there's a burger place there about to open up, it seems.   Since the place is gaming-only and has a bar, I should write more about that... except there really isn't much to write about. The bar is small, and the gaming area is small, too. I spent about 20 mins and $10 there, and I don't really have a lot to say about it.   Would I r

1 27 This is definitely a world class art gallery, up there with The National Gallery in DC, or the de Young in SF.  It's big. I've been twice so far, and I still haven't seen the entire collection. It's also hang-out friendly. Lee and I have spent the entire day in here twice so far. It is warm in the winter, and there are a lot of benches for sitting, and little alcoves.  The collection highlights Canadian art, which makes sense, seeing as it is a Canadian gallery. Of particular interest to me, and a place I've visited twice, are the ship models in the basement. You can spend an hour just in that section of the museum.  It *is* expensive, and special exhibitions cost extra, which is something I've encountered at other museums, but one thing that is particularly nice is that any price you've paid for a ticket is deductible from a membership, and if you're someone like me, who lives in Buffalo, the price of a distance membership is pretty cheap, and allows you to have another person on the 

0 30 I don't feel like Sundance is that much more expensive than other movie theaters, and even if it were, I would gladly pay more to not have to listen to other people talk during a movie. In Austin we have the Alamo Drafthouse, where talkers and texters get the boot instantly, but alas, they have not opened up a branch in Madison. Sundance is a pretty close second though. Although they do not have servers that come to your seat, take your order, and bring you your food, they do have a cafe outside in the lobby where you can order food and drink and take that to your seat. I like their reserved seating system, and the seats are pretty comfortable and recline a little bit. My favorite theater in the Madison area, hands down.

1 31 Eastside cannery just plain sucks....overpriced drinks the buffet is shit they don't have in room jacuzzi bathtubs like they advertise the majority of the staff is rude & Unaccommodating it's boring as hell they shoulda kept it Nevada Palace i mean sure it was dumpy but at least they didn't treat their patrons like crap

1 32 I look forward to the Wranglers games for 10 reasons...  1) It's in an expensive night out that's easy to find/get in and out of  2) A fight breaks out every now and then ....and our guys know how to fight really good  3) It gets me out of the house.... always a good thing since I work from home and have to deal with idiots all day long... this gives me an outlet to yell at something  4) Duke.... love that .... guy.... thing.... he's the mascot who stands on the chairs, bangs on the glass, teases the other teams, leads cheers and contests, plays with kids and adults...he's all around a lot of fun  5) TACOS!  5 Wrangler goals means everyone gets a coupon for a free taco at Del Taco  6) You can yell, cheer and boo at anything and everything ... it's very therapeutic  7) People watching is priceless and incredibly entertaining at these events  8) Chuck-A-Puck... it's a fundraiser deal.... you buy rubber pucks and throw them on the ice for a chance to win a gift card for food or a signed j

1 33 I was given the opportunity to preview ShowStoppers before opening to the public.  I wasn't sure what to expect.  To sum it all up, they sing hits from Broadway shows such as Chicago and Cabaret.    I'm not a theatre buff or even knew all of the songs they were singing.  Surprisingly I enjoyed the show.  They have many talented performers singing and dancing.  What I liked most was the full orchestra behind the dancers on stage.  They did an amazing job and was very impressed.    What bothered me was Steve Wynn's voice narrating throughout the performance. I didn't think it was necessary to give the audience a back story of what each section was about.    Luckily I was given the tickets.  They are priced a bit hefty for what you get.  I guess when you're at the Wynn, everything is priced hefty.

1 35 Century 16 is one of the nicer theaters in Vegas. It has plenty of showtimes to choose from and plenty of theaters. The seating is tiered, so that if you get someone taller in front of you, you can still see. The seats are nice and comfy and do recline a bit.   The XD experience is nice, if you can afford it. Seats seem to be a bit wider and the screen is floor to ceiling and wall to wall. Definitely THE way to watch a movie. It is pricey at around $15 per ticket.   Overall, a nice theater to watch a movie.

1 37 If you have maxed out your experiences with Pittsburgh's other museums then I might check this place out. However, it is very overpriced for what it is and for the limited amount of exhibits on display and the exhibits are definitely not suited for everyone's tastes. The James Turrell permanent exhibits are the most noteworthy. Personally this museum is not anything I'd return for but I could see how a limited few might enjoy the collection. I would definitely recommend going elsewhere first.

1 38 I find it a little disappointing that when Harkins screens movies in its smallest theater with less than 1/2 the screen size and theater experience they have no problem charging the same full price.  1/2 the experience should be 1/2 the cost.

1 41 I go to this theater a lot since it's close by but it is far from one of the nicer theaters in the Vegas valley. Although they'd recently remodeled and added a couple of giant screen, leather seat XD Cinemas, the regular auditoriums are very dated. Yes, they are stadium seating but the seats are old and very uncomfortable. Want to see a movie in one of the nice new auditoriums? Yep, that'll cost you some extra cash.   The clientele at this theater is usually a bit "lower quality" than at other movie theaters in town. Expect loads of screaming babies in R-rated films and lots of talking obnoxious teenagers and folks being of the type where you wouldn't want to even LOOK at them cross-eyed answering their cell phones during the movie. I have never had a pleasant experience here. There's even a big ad that runs before the movie saying that if you text on your phone or talk during the movie that they'll kick you out. That's a big lie. I have had to get up several times during movies to go 

1 42 A little expensive for what you get, especially since the kids pack no longer comes with a reese's!!!

1 44 I get inhumanely and unhealthily hysterical if we are not at a movie theater at least 40 minutes before a showing. The only other theaters near me is Tempe Marketplace or I can drive to Chandler Mall; it's the equivalent of asking me whether I'd like to walk on a bed of stones set on fire or on a path filled with metal spikes tipped with poison. After having to sit through the Lego movie listening to 'Everything is Awesome' (Nonstop-crying-baby-with-a-mom-who-is-too-selfish-to-leave-because-she's-too-into-the-movie Remix), I gave up on going to the busy movie theaters and decided to just stick with coming here.  Even on opening night/day, I don't think I've ever had to worry about getting a good seat. The other night, I arrived 5 minutes after previews for the new 300 sequel (I almost had a heart attack in the hallway) and still got middle seats just where I like. Their popcorn bucket deal here is worth it if you go to the movies a lot, 3 dollars to refill. It's never really crowded, q

1 45 Well, it's a solid two star property, for sure.  Looking at vintage pictures of The Plaza, I get really saddened by the way old glamour wore off over the years and got clumsily updated and patched up on a shoe string budget.   There are some properties that do it right and manage to revitalize their appeal to keep up with the times, unfortunately, Plaza isn't one of them.   From burnt out bulbs in their sign, to gaudy TV screen slapped in the middle of the hotel tower, to tarped off tennis and basketball court, a pool area that is little more than cement hole- lots of examples of underutilized potential.   The lobby areas got a nice face lift, as did bathroom fixtures in the rooms, but that poor pool was clearly a victim of budgeting prioritization.  Now I didn't encounter any weird smells or bed bugs, it was clean enough, but we did have a lot of drama with keys that caused us back and forth walking and longer than necessary waiting outside the room to be told the issue is either dead

1 47 Tight slots as a result of server based gaming. Stingy promotions and mailers.  Eastside used to have good payouts and frequent bonusing on their machines.   Today the opposite is true. You really can't win a dime there. Most of the seats are empty, and if management doesn't change things they will go out of business. Their primary clientele at this time are tweakers and transients. Those like myself with jobs and money have taken our business elsewhere.  Promotions? What promotions. I got a mailer with $5 in freeplay. Wow! That's probably a lot of money for their normal clientele.  Save your money and go to Sams town a block away. They are fair.

0 48 The Bellagio Gallery of Fine Art may not be comparable to galleries found in major metropolitan cities, but it's a much appreciated gallery that Las Vegas is fortunate to have. It offers visitors the opportunity to view artwork by renowned artists.  Finding the gallery can be an adventure. Being a local who's somewhat familiar with the layout of the Bellagio, I've never seen the gallery before and had to ask for assistance on its whereabouts. The gallery is tucked in another wing in the Bellagio, away from the boisterous sounds and excitement of the casino. If you know/can find Cafe Gelato, it's within close proximity.  Here's a rundown of the current ticket prices:  General Admission:  $16 *Nevada Resident: $13 Students, Teachers, and Military: $11 (High School student IDs only) Children 12 and under: Free  *Nevada Resident prices are $8 on Wednesdays only from 5:00pm - 7:30pm.   I came here on a Wednesday to take advantage of the $8 Nevada Resident price, which I'm glad I did because

0 49 There isn't much reason to stay here except that they have no resort fees. That would be nice, but at 50 bucks a night during the week you can easily get a real hotel with resort fees for less money. The rooms in the three story Meadows tower are from another era, likely the 80's. I suppose the bed was decent, but wifi was 12 bucks extra (go to PT's down the street) and there was a musty odor on entrance. The top floor is all smoking, so if your on the lower floors you will hear many footsteps above. When you do venture out to the casino, stay safe because the freaks come out at night basically. Buyer beware.

1 50 2 stars for the Andy Warhol exhibit's value in my eyes.  $13 for locals, and it took us about 10-15min to walk through the entire place, taking a little time to check out each piece of art and reading the commentary.  Can't say this was my style of art, but if it was a different artist or set, I could probably push the venue up to a 3-4 star review.  But since it's not, I have to go with the value in my eyes, which was pretty low.   I came here for the company anyways!  LOL

0 37 I'll have a biased opinion of any place like this. What could be wrong with playing old and new school games, drinking, and eating all at the same place? The one thing I can think of is the price. On the surface, this is a pretty expensive place; however, they give a bunch of good deals depending on the time you go, whether or not you "donate" money to the Make-a-Wish Foundation, and if you're lucky when you take a spin on the wheel of prizes! But honestly, know what the deals are before you go to make sure to get the best price available.  In regards to the games, there's a plethora for your enjoyment. Although it is nice to play games that spit out tickets, the last couple of times I've gone I've gotten 2 hours of arcade games for a very cheap price (Mario Kart, anyone?!). Either way, it's a really fun place that you'll most certainly have a good time at.


 ###### Price  positive ######
1 1 Awesome store,  tons of stuff you haven't seen in years!!!! Great staff, fun trip down memory lane.  All of this and cheaper than Game stop.  Check em out!

1 2 3.5 Stars  This is the closest theater to my house so it's usually the go to spot.  It's pretty much your standard theater.  ir a shopping center with Pita jungle, Ra, and several other spots for post or pre-movie eats. The floors don't seem to be overly sticky and the bathrooms are clean. The sound and screens seem to be good in the theater sections I have been in. It has the little kiosks out front so you can speed through and get your tickets most times.   My only complaint is the concession lines. No i am not going to complain about the price, it's a movie theater after all. The last two times they have up-sold the person in front of me on some member card thing that I had to stand around and wait while they fill out a full questionnaire.  Not the most pleasant experience.  They also have really cheap cups for your 2 gallon soda that will collapse on you while trying to juggle your popcorn, drink and ticket stub to get to your seats.

1 3 It's a good time, not sure it's worth $20, but hey. They have discounts for students and many other different discounts. It's a nice way to kill a couple hours, it's different.

1 4 Maybe I got lucky but my experience at the Plaza Hotel and Casino was pleasantly enjoyable. The parking garage isn't the greatest but it's free for hotel guests (unlike a lot of hotels now). The room rate was cheap so I was expecting the worst but my room was clean, spacious and had a king bed in it. There is also a free shuttle to McCarran Airport, which saves about a $22 Uber ride one way.  My expectations were quite low due to the price and reviews but I would stay there again if I'm on a budget.  FYI: $20.00 resort fee (less than many hotels as well).

1 5 Looking for inexpensive children's games for my WII to keep the grandkids occupied this summer, I stopped by to browse the used WII games. The games were priced $4-$32, with most around $9. This is less expensive than Gamestop and I picked out a couple of the $4 games. As I was checking out I noticed that the shelf above the games held all kinds of old game consoles (it almost was like a museum honoring past gaming machines).  Parking is easy and close to the door.

1 7 I really dig this new Harkins.  I was pretty bummed when I heard they were closing down the Camelview location because I loved its artsy & Indie flicks and the retro vibe.  (I also dug the cheap prices!)  But this Harkins has kept up with their end of the bargain showing movies that bigger theaters don't.  Its also pretty darn nice to buy a ticket and a seat ahead of time and not fight the lines (Tempe Marektplace!) during opening wknds of the big realease movies.  Yes, its more expensive, but sometimes that is worth it for me.  You can also grab a cocktail if you're hanging around the mall and early for your movie ... A cocktail during or beforehand makes everything funnier, right?  Just don't have too many or you won't remember the flick.  ;-)

1 6 Great way to learn about the local area. The houses were moved from their original locations, but give you a peak into what the houses of that time might look like. The history in the main museum is really informative too and a place filled with memories for those that lived through the war. Candlelight Wedding Chapel is here with some pictures and clippings of weddings. Old train for those train buffs Very cheap and very informative. Pretty cool. They light it up for christmas, we will have to go back next year as we missed that.

1 8 As far as spring training goes, this stadium was very much like the rest of the city of Surprise: new, clean and welcoming. I checked out the game yesterday between the "hometown" Texas Rangers and the Chicago White Sox, and it seemed like half of the town of Surprise was there. The grass area was well kept (some of the greenest grass I've seen in the Valley) and the facilities were in tip-top shape. The only complaint is the usual stadium bummers: high prices, big crowds and lack of efficient parking (although it was free, so that's a serious plus). A really nice place to check out a game.

1 9 I'm glad I came back to this place! I went when it first opened and it seemed like they were still getting their footing, but this place is super awesome now! Free arcade games, reasonably priced drinks and best of all it doesn't feel like a nightclub like the other barcade I've been to! Really cool selection of board games as well. Definitely will be back!

1 10 Great for a date night or family fun, go see a game with the 51s! I knew we had a minor league baseball team, but I didn't know anything about them until I was given free tickets for a game- the stadium is small but all seats have a great view, and if you purchase tickets in advance they're really cheap. The entertainment between innings is limited but family-friendly- try to snap a photo with Comet, the alien mascot!  Parking is $4 or free with a season pass. Dining options are priced comparable to any other sports venue ($4 hotdogs, $5 nachos, $7 beers, etc) but selection is better than expected: popcorn, crackerjacks, burgers, snow cones, and Dippin Dots ice cream.    Special shoutout to seats A1 and A2 in section 8- phenomenal view, face value of $9 when purchased in advance. Can't beat that!

1 11 We had a great time here! We brought the son and his grandparents. This is definitely on the annual traditions list. The best part was the loooong nap the son took afterward! Highly recommended for anyone with kids that needs an inexpensive outdoor experience.

1 17 This place is open later than a lot of the other theatres, came here after a night of clubs once.  Convenient location on the south strip. Walking distance from Tropicana, MGM, NYNY, Gamework, Monte Carlo, etc.  Always have the newest movies and some of the new but older movies. Nice displays that show offs their movies. Amazing view of the strip from the parking garage. I read a review about lack of seats, so far all the movies I've watched here are were it large rooms with a lot of seats, you might have been watching an older movie so got the smaller rooms.  Prices for snacks are reasonable for being a theatre on the strip. Good place to wait out the Vegas sun without gambling. I've seen celebrities here twice.  I like there's usually multiple showing of movies and don't have to wait long for the next one if I miss it. There's a game that is addicting that you can win tickets in the lobby area.  Lobby area is pleasant. One of the largest snack areas I've seen.

1 12 Best $2 you'll spend in Nevada, unless of course you're a fan of $2 watered down margaritas from a downtown Vegas casino.   So what does $2 buy you here? A glimpse into Nevada's past. Mind you, not just Las Vegas. The musuem has an indoor and outdoor component. The indoor houses the cashier, gift shops, and a decent exhibit entitled "Lost Vegas."  On the outside, you can pretend to taka 1/2 mile trail to a "ghost town" where you can go inside one of the building, I think it was the jail, if I  recall correctly. Too bad some people don't respect historical artifacts, there were some vandalism in there.   Another part was the houses that they relocated there. They change the decorations based on the seasons.  They also relocated the Candlelight Wedding Chapel here so if you or you know someone who got married there, you can send in a photo and proof of your marriage there and they'll include it in their wedding album.

1 13 This is a fantastic museum that offers people a chance to see some very exciting and creative art work. The Museum is kept up very well and is not too busy. The price to get in is relatively low as well!

1 16 I grew up 20 minutes away from the museum and have watched it's evolution for most of my life.   The most recent expansion has upped the awesome level of this amazing museum, that puts it on par with much more famous museums (looking at you Met). Seriously the Columbus art museum is an embarrassment and fits into the lobby here.  Degas, and all the other super famous artists have work(s) here. But its the contemporaries of these artists that really round out the exhibitions. Sure everyone recognizes Warhol, but how many have ever seen the works of artists he influenced?  And it's all free. Sure you have to pay for parking, but c'mon. Parking is only slightly more expensive than taking RTA and definitely less of a hassle.

1 14 Tip: Peak time is weekend afternoon  Lol is bigger. 10 bucks is a great deal at peak times.  No adult(s) fees either which LOL charges the 2nd adult for. Socks required. Can also buy a pair there as well so they have you covered.

1 15 I have been to Vegas quite a few times and never stopped in here.  This place is a must see.  It is super cheap, $2 for adults and $1 for kids.  It features a lot of history of Vegas and the surrounding areas and also has a lot of old homes from different periods that you can walk through that have all of the furniture, etc from that period.  I would definitely suggest starting any Vegas trip here to learn the history and then set out and do the other touristy things you have planned.

1 16 I have been here a few times and am not overly impressed with their permanent collection, but I've been super impressed with their visiting exhibits. The overall architecture of the museum is absolutely beautiful. Parking is super easy in their parking garage for $10. They have a really nice cafe for lunch but it's a little pricey but very high quality. Great little gift shop. I definitely recommend going here at least once and checking on the visiting exhibits.

1 17 A good comedy musical with lots of blood! The show incorporates all three of the Evil Dead movies and is approved and promoted by Bruce Campbell and Sam Raimi. For a small extra fee you can sit in the VIP area right in front of the stage. That is definitely worth the extra money plus you get a t-shirt with the upgrade.

1 18 Been here many times throughout the years and its always been a decent place to catch a movie. We came today on a Tuesday which is discount day (2 tickets only $10.50 for a 120pm show). Can't beat that price. The theater is clean and these recliner chairs are comfy.

1 19 We like this movie theater.  It's always clean and never crowded.  Movie prices suck of courseBut if you go before noon is not to bad.  Get the cup I'd you come more than twice.  It's worth it.

1 40 Great club with exceptional pricing for juniors (younger than 40 for club and younger than 30 for fitness center).  All the staff are really nice and accommodating.  Fitness club is located adjacent to the main building. Lots of machines and scheduled classes. They also offer child sitting services for $2 hourly per child.

1 20 Great show at an intimite show room.  Loved the drink service and prices.  This show has it all, great sound, great band, worth a trip to see. The D is also fun with a good selection of older slots upstairs.

0 29 One of the great ones, worth joining.  I love the expansive permanent exhibit, the great architecture, the layout. I can come here just to relax, notice new details, wander with music on headphones, and stop for tea. The special exhibits may be bigger or smaller, but over the year there are always some of very high artistic and experiential value. Well OK. Some are downright fun.  Affordable - one great membership option "For Two - Member + Guest" lets you take any other person on a given day, including (so far) all special exhibits. This pays for itself quickly, and then having a year pass makes dropping by any open day or time so convenient. Plus your guest may want to treat you to coffee or a quick bite which is nice. Aside: I wish the ROM and the Science Centre would be half as intelligent with their year passes - the ROM looks an utter mess now, and both 'institutions' can't seem to help charging out of control prices for everything. This city needs better reflection of civic prid

1 21 I brought my 2 kids. It's a cute museum with lot to see. They have a historic town where you can go in the houses and see what the house from the 30s look like. In the main museum section there's an old penny slot machine my kids tried and they loved it. Gotta give them some empowerment of visiting Las Vegas. Admission is $2 for adult and $1 for children. Can't beat that price. It's something to do away from the strip.

1 22 This place is great!  Good playground for the kids, AND for the adults too.  They really spared no expense and went through a process to develop a place geared toward children's play and adult comfort.    Coffee, tea, water, massage chairs, elliptical for the adults.  Nail station, play kitchen, book area, non-walker area, and massive indoor playground for the older ones.  It's really something to see/try.  Bathrooms are clean and well stocked with changing tables and diaper genies and stools for kids.    I think we enjoy coming here just as much as the kids.  We all leave either tired (kids) or relaxed (adults).  You only pay for the kids... adults are free. 10-visit card makes the price even better.  Well worth it!  What will we do when our kids are too old to come here?  The only thing that may hamper this place is success.  It does get crowded sometimes... usually later in the day (after lunch).  Otherwise - 5-stars!

1 24 great prices, clean rooms, good entertainment and staff is friendly, love the location, next to Fremont Street, food is yummy, I recommend this place for sure

1 25 Fantastic show for hetero couples. Easy to find low priced tickets, too!

1 29 It's close to home. Doesn't really differ from other theaters. Easy to get into and isn't ever super packed (like Rave always is down the street). I do love that they offer the early bird special tickets at $6.75, which makes going to the movies a tad more affordable.

1 30 Monet, Picasso, and Van Gogh are just a few names you'll see around here. CMA is a well rounded, world-renowned art collection in Cleveland's museum center. You could spend all day here. The space itself is beautiful! If you're hungry, grab a tasty bite to eat at the cafe, but know it is a little pricey. Entry to the museum however is ALWAYS free! A must see for cleveland.

1 32 Five stars because:  1. Way cheaper than AMC, especially Westgate.  2. Seats are more comfortable, you're able to lean back much more comfortably 3. Souvenir cups and t-shirts make frequent movie going much more affordable!  4. Harkins is a family owned Arizona business. Let's keep it local! 5. Staff is great; always smiling.  6. Student price is still $5.50.

1 33 What's not to like about a baseball park with palm trees?  Cashman Field may have a few years behind it, but it's still a good place to see a game.  Parking is easy whether you park on the hill or in the area parallel to the convention space.  Parking is $4 which is a bargain for most places.  The proximity to the freeway makes it easy for most people to arrive/leave from the ballpark.  I am a fan of Cashman Field.

1 34 Was a little skeptical before going..But I loved it! Students enjoy great rate of $11 and you can save even more with a BMO account only $8.50!!  The building architecture is really nice I thought and their many paintings and artwork to look at including Canadian art and contemporary if you can actually understand it. Nice place to kill time in the morning. If you tired they have nice comfy chairs situated everywhere. Oh and pretty model boats.

1 36 We had out of town friends in for a visit and they wanted to see a show. Since we had seen most of the other big shows in town already, we decided to give Showstoppers a chance. Frankly, I had low expectations. What a wonderful surprise! The show starts with a 30 piece orchestra on stage playing the overture. They set a very high bar for the rest of the show. They then bring in what seemed to be about two dozen singers and dancers to perform many of the well known Broadway songs from the last 50 years. The  two main singers had spectacular voices and did a great job with the songs that they were assigned. The dancers were also quite good. While the choreography was not exciting, it was very entertaining to watch. The show was well worth the price ( there was a discount for locals) and I would recommend it to anyone over the age of 50 ( mainly because a younger audience may not recognize or be familiar with the songs that are being performed).

1 39 played craps here for 1st time & had an excellent experience w/the dealers & especially the pit boss. i had a modest $200 bankroll  & played for 2 hrs & he give me a plaza T-shirt & $14 buffet comp. he was genuinely cool/respectful.  if they offer me comp rooms & continue to treat me this way they'll get 5 stars.  buffet satisfactory & worth the low price .  not a dump, VINTAGE   fools!

1 40 Fun. If you like musicals and evil dead and rocky horror this is for you! It's reasonably priced. If you do VIP and get a shot with your ticket that's pretty cool and general admission isn't bad seating. The theatre is clean and staff is all tommy winds family and they are all working hard to keep the place open. I enjoyed the show because I like musicals and evil dead. It's a niche market for a show but fun!

1 42 Friendly people.  You get to put your own button on your popcorn.  Which is good for me as I'm a butter (flavoring) fan.  Best deal in town for movies.  Great deals Monday thru Thursday and before noon for the other days.  Clean.  If you join their Stubs reward program you get free movies for money spend AND upgrades at the concession stand.  A medium for the price of a small!  Which lets face it is still a rip off but for me, part of the movie experience.

1 43 Seen a couple of shows at Marilyns lounge excellent shows great price worth going to see show and prices of beer are not bad either

1 45 I happened to be in the area and needed to kill some time before an appointment.  I didn't know this was a luxury theater until I realized I had to choose a seat number.  This was in the middle of the afternoon so the price was a reasonable $6.  The chairs recline and were super comfy.  The sound and picture on the screen were excellent.  If I lived in the East Valley I'd definitely consider this to be my go - to theater.

1 47 They have a pretty nice buffet. I go for lunch usually. Good service. Reasonable prices. Good selection. All in all it's worth a try!

1 48 After living in Cleveland for 15 months I decided to visit the newly renovated Cleveland Museum of Art and I was totally blown away.   First of all it is always free! Parking is covered and you can pay at the time of exit or at the kiosks in the museum. There is free coat check in (very fancy coat racks too). As soon as I entered the atrium took my breath away. It was a cloudy and snowy day (typical Cleveland) but inside was so beautiful and warm. Kids were excited and playing near plants ( in the middle of the winter). They have a unique artlens project which is an iPad app. This app is amazing! You can place your iPad on the pod and select what you want to see today from the wall, it will create a customized tour for you .   Once you are tired of walking in the museum, sit down for some cocktail or eat and very nice modern cafeteria. You can also visit the museum shop and buy some memorabilia. Museum shop is nice and reasonably priced.

1 49 This is the place to be if you're looking for a pumpkin patch for children under 10. There are plenty of activities to keep the children busy. Playgrounds, farm animals, bouncy houses, train rides, corn mazes, pumpkin decorating, and the list goes on. Price seems a little steep at first but you do get quite a bit for your money. Check it out and make sure the kids wear their play clothes.

1 50 Nice seating with powered reclining chairs. Reasonable pricing with convient movie times. Will definately return next time we go out to a movie.


 ###### Service  negative ######
0 1 Saw the Kusama exhibit. Lots of dots. Long lines. Took 90 minutes and I was very satisfied at the end.
 
1 2 The Better Half (TBH) and I were antique shopping next door and she decided to stay much longer than I expected, so I walked over here to watch some basketball in the Sports Book.  This place is a dump!  It's old and very smokey.  The last time I was in this casino, was in the late 1990's and it still looks the same.  I watched basketball games for around 2 hrs while TBH shopped and when I walked back to see her, she said I reeked of smoke....yuck.  Return Factor - 5%

1 4 To be honest this review may be a little impartial only because Santa Fe Station is my favorite Station casino to visit. It's not the closest one to where I live or even one I frequent that often but this theater certainly makes it so. First the up-charge for 3-D is only three bucks instead of the usual five I've been paying elsewhere. Second the snack area is just awesome, no other theater I've been to has a Starbucks coffee, hand scooped ice cream, and a cafeteria style check out.   I went here today on a semi-date with my husband. (While we were here together and at the same time, we were in different theaters, watching different movies.) Buying tickets I saw the best thing ever. A movie style poster stating that kids under six will not be permitted to go into rated R movies after 6PM. OMG jerks who bring their kids to inappropriate movies and let them ruin it by yelling and not removing them when they get loud is one of my biggest pet peeves. Knowing that I can go here and not have

1 3 I, along with three friends, went to this location on Saturday night. It was very busy, and there were lines, but they moved along pretty quickly. The Dining Host table gave us an estimate for the wait for a table, and they were pretty much on the mark! We played several of the MANY, many games until we received the text message that our table was ready. I was impressed with the menu!  Great selections, including beer and mixed drinks. The only reason that this review is not 5-star goes to food service. Let me be clear... the selection was great, and the food quality was great, but the service was struggling. We had a wonderful  waitress - very friendly and knowledgeable, but either she was overwhelmed, OR they aren't properly organized. I don't attribute that to her, but to food service management. We had a very good meal, but it took a long time. The waitress got her full tip, management got four stars instead of five. All that being said - go there!  It is so much fun! Everyone enjo

1 4 So I went to this Harkins for the first time recently. I was sure to park illegally in a handicapped spot and to leave my dog in the car. It's not like it's hot out and really how many people in wheelchairs go to the movies...  OK. Sarcasm and current events aside I had big hopes as we strolled into the theatre lobby. Big. Grandiose. Clean. Helpful staff. Then....  I. Entered. The. Theatre.  Gulp. Um. What the heck? Why are there at least a dozen random seats covered with big black garbage bags? I sat on the edge of my seat the entire movie. And not because it was a cliffhanger. I just felt dirty. Not soft porn dirty. Silkwood dirty.   Just seemed ghetto and reminded me of the skankhole Harkins on Thomas and 36th Street.   I may stick to red box and my clean sofa at home!

1 5 Came here for my first Cirque show, and I loved it! We bought tickets at Tix4Tonight, and we got a good deal. There weren't 6 seats together, so we had 4 together in one row and 2 in the row directly behind them.  I wasn't sure what to expect in terms of storyline- I knew I wanted to see a Cirque show because I love the acrobatics and gymnastics, but I wasn't expecting the storyline to be so bizarre (seriously, people dressed up as sperm?). I found the show very entertaining, but I didn't understand the storyline until after I looked it up on Wikipedia afterward. The acts were amazing, and we had good seats on the side. Luckily, we did not become a part of the show.  If you want to see a show while you're in town, I would definitely recommend Mystere. Don't arrive late unless you care to become part of the opening act.

1 6 Seems like a nice place & playground, but didn't get to enjoy the perks or have a better than average experience because it was a madhouse. Way too overcrowded, no where to sit (in parents lounge), extremely noisy, kids screaming, crying, parents sitting on the ground. My daughters were hit/pushed at least 3-4 times where I had to step in and "talk to" the other kid (again result of overcrowding  parents or staff can't always have eyes on kids). Right now with the popularity, this is not a place parents come to relax while the kids go off to play supervised as it seems in the marketing materials. They've been open for 2 weeks so it's extremely popular, I do get it, but the overcrowding detracted from the overall experience of the mega playground. Would recommend putting a limit on the number of people they admit at a time, or sell advance reservations, maybe time slots. The owner & staff are extremely nice though and the reason why I will try again in a few months or on a weekday as I 

0 6 This review is ONLY for the hotel room.  (The casino's ventilation sucks and your hair will stink when you leave.)  I have stayed there twice.  Once in a normal king room and last night in a jacuzzi king room.  The jacuzzi is not quite big enough for two people, but it is really nice and relaxing.  This room was a corner, so the huge windows on two sides of the room.  Excellent view of the whole city.  The shower is not for the modest; completely see through glass.  Comfortable bed.  The comforter was covered with a duvet.    There is just a cleanliness about the room.  This is really a nice place to stay.  The rooms are great.  I highly recommend.

0 7 I really enjoyed this place, it's so intimate and the music is always great.  It's very small so you may not always find a place to sit. During the summer they have a really cute patio that makes you feel like you're just chilling in a friend's backyard.  They also do poetry/spoken word nights - I haven't been to one yet but I'm planning on it soon.   Warning: They never play top 40/pop music so if that's all you're into, do not come here! You won't enjoy it - made the mistake of bringing a friend that hated the music and she didn't have a good time.

0 4 Always come here to watch movies, but they should cut out the stupid ads that they play before the movies starts like the m&m's commercial.

0 8 Due to a fire on 21 October 2015, this bar is now closed. It likely can't reopen until second quarter 2016. Good news is the damage is mostly due to smoke and water. No one was injured by the fire. A major loss for the west end of the Junction.

1 9 Upon arriving we were greeted by an enthusiastic guy named Danny. He made sure we were all good to go before we watched the training video. He gave us 2 race cards and a mask/hair cover.   We used the Groupon deal and had no problems. At the time they were about 15 minutes till closing so after we watched video the 2 men who ran the track asked us if we'd rather have two 8 minute races or one long 20 minute race. It's usually is 2 separate 8 minute races. We didn't care to get off or on so we chose the 20 minute race.   The guys who ran the track always repeated the most important rules to ensure our safety.   Everything seemed pretty clean, the helmets though weren't sanitized after every use and had a dirty odor to it. And the bathroom at the time wasn't stocked with toilet paper.. Those were the most disappointing parts.   But everything else was cool. Fun track except time flies by when you're driving around. As we got off we questioned if we were really raced for 20 minutes.  So D

1 10 Frank Marino is the only performer with two stars on the Las Vegas walk of fame; which is one more star than this show is worth... Lip syncing..... Every song is lip synced.... No talent on display here.... Just men in dresses lip syncing to records, I can do that at home.  Skip this dud of a show...

1 11 This is certainly an older property.  I think it was built in the late 60's or early 70's, and it doesn't look as though it's been remodeled since.  Lots of wear and tear.  But the casino is actually a lot of fun.  All the staff were very pleasant and eager to please.  They seemed genuinely appreciative of your patronage.  Drink service was very good.  Dining options seemed limited.  There was a small buffet and a food court, but that's about all I saw.  There might be other choices elsewhere in the hotel.     Even though a lot of reviews I've seen have pretty much trashed this place, It seemed okay to me.  If they'd invest in a little remodeling, new carpet, etc. then it would be  much better.

1 12 Came here to see Catching Fire. We arrived 15 minutes before the movie started and were asked to wait while they finished cleaning the theater. After waiting for about5-7 minutes we were finally allowed to take our seats only to notice that there were at least 10 people already in their seats. This was annoying since clearly they were allowing people in the room. For having several cleaners, they did a terrible job. There was popcorn left on the seats! The seats are very uncomfortable too. The backs are straight and don't allow for comfortable movement. Also there was a flooded toilet in the women's restroom and at least one other stall without toilet paper!   Probably will drive to other theaters from now on.

1 13 I always have good time at this place.  I could write a page about Geisha, but the previous reviews pretty much sum this place up.        *   Self servicing bathrooms (Ladies only)      *   Fantastic Happy Hour pricing- The veggie pot stickers are the bomb!     *   Hot waitresses ... barely of age to serve you alcohol =)     *   Private karaoke rooms that allow you to humiliate yourself in front of your friends only  The only thing I would steer clear of is the specialty drinks they are overly sweet and are not made with fresh fruit... even when they say they are. The waitress cleared that up for me last weekend =).

0 14 Second time at Crescent for a concert, it was equally a mess to get in....so hot and stuffy inside the ballroom. We left early although the sound system is great and the artist we saw was awesome...it was too hot to stay longer.

1 16 It's my first time coming to AGO and it's for Yayoi Kusama's infinitity mirror exhibit! I am impressed with how nice the AGO is and how pretty the infinity mirror rooms are but I do have some feedback to hopefully help others that will be going to this exhibit after me, as you want to get the most out of your experience and I clearly did not. And you know how hard it was to get the tickets and you gotta line up like 6 times when you are there...  (1) You camera should be in normal mode, and not selfie mode. Because you are taking a picture of your reflection from the mirror in front of you. Some people in line were confused so I just want to put that out there so you get the most time in that room. Obviously you can take your picture any way you like.  (2) You will feel rushed. You get 20 sec for most rooms and 30 sec for the more popular ones like the souls of millions of light years away. And why do you get 30 sec for those ones? Because they force you to go in 3 people at a time...s

0 17 I'm not actually a huge fan of jlo' recent songs but I love her old school duets with ja rule and ll cool j. But I must say that I absolutely loved this show. It was very well executed. The production was amazing. The lights were beautiful and the show had a true progression to it. She starts off with her earliest hits like love don't cost a thing and goes on to her time in the Bronx singing Jenny from the block, I'm real etc then to the newest and latest hits.   Jlo dances her ass off in this show. Literally she dances to every single song. I don't know how she does it. She does this very sexy striptease too that makes me so jealous of her booty and her moves. She likes to be know as the hardest working singer out there and I must give her lots of credit.   It was a thoroughly enjoyable night from start to end. The show is long too. About 2 hours. If you get a chance to go don't miss out!

0 18 So this show has been running for 28 years and unfortunately it feels like it.   The queens I saw tonight, with the exception of the Cher impersonator, looked old and moved like they were lacking energy.   Now I love drag queens. Ever since Paris is burning, I've been hooked. I have a healthy respect for queens who have been in the business for a long time. I know it's never too late to teach an old dog be tricks...   Also, the show is titled after this famous queen Frank Marino... Where the heck is he? Don't have a self titled show if your not going to show up!!!  There was so much potential especially with the music choices. But when the Lady gaga impersonator did just dance, that queen just sat there! The song said "just dance"! You better dance! I was doing more dancing sitting in my seat than the guy did in the whole performance!  Now the Brian person who hosted the show was hilarious. Every one of his jokes were funny and delivered perfectly. However he was one of the only highli

1 19 If your gonna build a stadium some where ... Make sure the area can take the influx of crowd and traffic . this place can not if you enjoy traffic jams where you move 15 feet every ten minutes drive by Tempe Diablo stadium during a game . other wise steer clear .

1 20 Has this re-opened????  How does a major art museum actually close its doors for the better part of 5 years and plan to survive?  How does this museum expect to be taken seriously?  The collection is awesome.  I grew up with my parents taking our family here on Sunday afternoons.  I just don't comprehend how this place is managed other than very poorly.

1 14 Not a bad theater for a quick show. $5 Tuesdays are pretty cool as well. We recently saw Jurassic World and it was awesome! The theater was very clean, but the seats weren't as comfortable as you'd expect for a large theater. The seat cushions weren't bad, but the seats didn't recline easily and the arm rests are plastic - not padded. I kept finding myself readjusting my seat position to try to get comfortable.  The snack bar is pretty cool and a little different than most movie theaters. It's a self-serve, pay at the end kinda deal with just about anything you'd want from a snack bar: popcorn, nachos, slushies, sodas (Coke products), etc.  Overall, I would go back to this theater if it was my only choice like it was this time (we had free tickets given to us), but I'd prefer Green Valley Theater over South Point.

1 21 The management isn't big on making sure the theater is glean. The only seats that were left is full of trash. Well that's movies today for you.

0 20 I have been there. I believe more than once.  I was not in awe by this gallery. It was Ok. I thought it would be bigger and have more art, and flair. I guess not. I am glad it exists, I guess its good to have a touch of historical fine art in a casino, since the city of Las Vegas has very few fine art museums.

1 22 Just tried to get breakfast and walked out. We walked in to no one even saying hello but 2 girls talking to each other. Waited 3 awkward minutes for them to finally say something and was finally say outside. Then sat for 30 minutes without anyone even saying hi or getting us a drink. Walked out and never coming back! You guys suck!

1 23 Most of the games were out of order and I had to find one of those referee looking people to fix 2 of them that took some of our credits.  Apathetic service staff all around, the Peanut and I were really disappointed.  Won't be back.

0 22 Note: the museum is tiny, tiny, tiny.... You can see the whole place in less than an hour, easily, but it's definitely worth the trek to the northside.  This is a modern art museum, which definitely takes an interesting take on what modern art is (I guess modern art is always undefined, anyways). The top  floor holds the temporary exhibits, so it's nice to start there and work your way down. When I was there a couple months ago they had some massive wood sculptures carved from tree trunks and one big installation which was basically a big hole that overlooked the neighbor's backyard. Very interesting.   My absolute favorite thing is the light exhibits on the 2nd floor. Take your beau and grab on. It's terrifying and fun at the same time. The one exhibit takes about 15-20 to show-up, but definitely wait it out. It's worth it. Don't forget that there are 2 other buildings outside with more to see that only take a minute or two to see.   FYI - there's no good way to get there via public t

0 23 I love AMC, always have.  My favorite location is the Deer Valley 30 location but this one is a close second.  It's far from perfect, in my opinion it could be kept a little cleaner and the staff could use a smile from time to time.   Over all though it's easy to get it get your tickets and concessions and get to your movie.  They run on schedule, I've never had a problem with having to wait longer then I should for a movie to get started.

1 17 If if wasn't for a rude hostess I might bump this place up to 5 stars. That being said, this place still offers an AWESOME happy hour! Not only is there several, cheap, options but the sushi is actually GOOD (let's be honest, that's not always the case w/happy hour sushi). Also, HH is EVERY day (including Sundays).   I've also never been to a place that's so accommodating at splitting bills. Seriously, they ASK you immediately if you wanna do so, and don't mind if every single person in your 10-person party wants there own bill!

0 25 This AMC hosts the TCM movies on the Westside & I will always love them for that alone. I've seen Casablanca on the BIG screen. Recently took the fam bam to see Christmas Carol 1939 & Christmas in Connecticut. Love me some family time with the classics. The theatre is always clean, clean & popcorn a plenty. If you go on a Cardinals game day just let the parking lot person know you're seeing a movie & go to the parking person located inside the AMC to get your $10 parking refunded.

1 24 It gets a 1 cause it wont let me give a 0. Checked in fri the18th. The computer system was down so checking in took 1.5hrs. At the front counter they didnt really acknowledge the situation. Anywho, we check in and go to our room. 5 min later ppl walk into our room. They had been giving the same keys. It gets better! So we go out for the evening and get back at 1am and-our keys dont work! So we go to the front desk and tell Jamal we got locked outta our room and he starts yelling, and i mean yelling at us saying we arent locked out & its our fault our keys dont work!!! My wife is taken aback and tells him hes being rude and he keeps yelling. I understand they all had a long night but its not our fault. His coworker said he would get a talking to but dude should be fired. We end up dealing with another person at the front desk who resolves the issue in 5 min. It wasnt that hard. Staying in the south tower we could hear our neighbor laughing, coughing & wheezing all thru the night. The wa

1 19 I was hoping for much more. The singing was 100% lip-synched. Nobody on stage sang a single note. Many of the impressions just weren't there. Some, were good, but many just didn't look a thing like the person they were trying to imitate. The gowns were great, of course. But, I didn't go for that. I went to see great talent, and all I saw was some dancing around in costumes. If ANYONE could have or would have sung their number, I would have stood up and cheered. Otherwise, a mundane performance. Franks "Joan" talks way too fast. I couldn't hear half of what she said. Frank obviously just went over her ONLY routine like he/she was sleep walking. We expected more than just Joan and hosting from Frank Marino. I'm glad we got cheap seats. But, I'm sorry we upgraded. Save your cash. Go somewhere else.

0 26 Surprise is a great stadium if you live out in the far West Valley.  For the rest of us, it is a bit of a nightmare.  While the stadium is great, its location hurts it the most.  It is a must-see during a Cactus League trip but for locals, it is probably not worth the drive unless you're a fan of the teams that play there.  Situated just south of Bell Road and just past one of the worst intersections in the Valley, Suprise Stadium stands out.  It sits in the middle of a relatively empty complex which is part of the problem.  There isn't anything to do around the stadium before or after the game making it hard to make this stadium a destination.  It is best to take Grand Ave to Thunderbird and then go north on Bullard.    Once you reach the stadium, parking is free, which is nice, but is sometimes confined to dirt lots.  The stadium is beautiful and reminiscent of the Rangers' big league in Arlington.  There are nice grass seats and newer wide seats behind home plate.  The seats down bo

1 26 Don't come here when you are hungry because the food didn't come 40 minutes later. Wasn't busy and only  few customers in the restaurant and I still don't understand why the food took so long???  We came 6 people for lunch at 1:30 and we were waiting and waiting for our food, oh man I wish I brought my own food to Munchies while we were waiting.  The waitress forgot to bring a glass of water for my husband and he was afraid to ask maybe will take another half an hour.  The food was OK, it wasn't our good day that day.

0 27 Just heard they have bed bugs at this theater!!!please say it isn't so.  A girl got bit by one. This isn't funny. I hope management knows about it.

1 28 Seats were very comfortable. Clean theatre. The only down side for me is the AC is too high and it blows directly on top of your head. It's like uncomfortably try to hide your hands under your thigh that kind of situation instead of just really enjoy the movie.

1 29 Pretty cool.  It's located in a corporate park, so prob not the best place to have an attraction like this, but if you're in the area, it's a fun sight to see!  Tried getting a photo of the complete head, but it kept rotating.

1 30 Likes: -Cheaper drinks than most bars in Phoenix (cough-ihatecopperbluesprices-cough) -Hearing music playing in the venue area -Not being rushed to leave tables and you can hang in here awhile  Dislikes: -1 stall bathroom for women (and men apparently?) I know they probably don't have the room, but it really sucks when someone takes more than 5 min. and you are waiting -Brought in a coupon that apparently was "not approved by them" but on a top coupon site. I got a "well fine.. we will honor it this time, but only on one drink. you can't use that here again, we don't approve those coupons" I felt like a criminal. Just posting a sign about coupons would be a good idea -The way the bar is set up with a crooked line to order a drink, you got to just grab the bartenders attention. I wish the had a system because it makes it difficult when it is busy

1 31 Have been here several times hoping it would improve-but sadly not. Bad service, dirty(bugs in dirty liquid by my table) So so food-- Too loud music doesnt make for a relaxing breakfast!

0 38 This place is so well designed and furnished it truly is a premier theater. It has an upscale look and feel and of course everything is shiny and new. I hope it holds up well over the years because I could see this being my new go to place for movie premiere. The lobby area also includes expanded concessions that go beyond the normal popcorn and candy selections. The chairs in the theater are recliners although they are the most comfortable versions I've ever experienced, they are however an big improvement over standard stadium seats. Your next movie outing should be here, the pics don't seem to do it justice.

0 32 One of the oldest Spring Training complexes in Arizona is also one of the best.  Situated just outside of Old Town Scottsdale, Scottsdale Stadium offers a great place to watch a game as well as a location that begs you to go out after it is over.  Getting to Scottsdale Stadium can be a bit of a pain.  It is a few miles from the freeway and almost requires that you deal with Scottsdale traffic.  If you take Earll to Civic Center and then merge on to Drinkwater, you should be able to find either street parking or library parking for free.  The dirt lots on the east side of the stadium should be avoided.  Also, the Trolley goes by the stadium so you can park anywhere along the line and catch it.  Once you try to walk into Scottsdale Stadium, you will notice the food bank collection going on at each gate.  This is not voluntary.  You will be required to drop off everything eatable or drinkable (except closed water bottles) before you can enter.  This, of course, should prepare you to empty

1 33 I didn't even know this movie theater existed by MGM. Not sure how it stays in business. It's pretty hidden and super, super old. The tickets are sold at the concession stand (I think she was the concession stand person as well).  Theater itself was huge but seating was old. They don't recline back much less even move. Arm rests don't raise up and the rows are very close to each other.   Probably won't go back.

1 34 Good Show. The Show Is Located In The TW Theather.Parking Is $10.I Got The Tickets Off Of House Seats And Parked At Planet Hollywood And Walked,Its About A 10 Minute Walk.The Show Is For All Ages But Is Rated R For The Language. I Brought My 9 And 10 Year Old Neices But The Content Wasnt Too Bad Just Alot Of The "F" Word. The Show Is About An Hour And A Half.All In All Good Show,Ive Never Seen The Movie

1 35 As for the show it was amazing but what really shined for me was the service.  I wish I had made a better dinner choice because what I chose did not sit well with me.  My husband and I were sat the furthest away from the door (just my luck) and I had to get up a couple times. I told the usher I wasn't feeling well and I asked if I could stand back in the alcove where I could still see the show but bow out if needed.  She was so nice that she moved my husband and I to an accessible seat closer to the exit door.

1 36 This poor review is strictly regarding my experience with the tennis courts. I played a tennis match here and found out from my opponent that almost ALL the courts have dead spots where the ball dies.  I would not recommend playing tennis matches here unless they fix the dead spots.

0 37 Meh.    The good.................. - Free parking.  Not sure if we scored it or what, but we drove up right to the front of the gates, drove in, and found a spot about 500 feet from the entrance.  It looked like a "valet" area, but we were able to score a spot, and nobody was there collecting money for parking.  - Nice entrance up to the stadium with the stairs and cool sign out front. - Decent smattering of Angel fans who really like baseball. - Right off the freeway, very easy to get to.  The bad................... - Clusterf#*#* of a "promenade".  Right when you walk in, you are bombarded with nowhere to walk.  Their "standing room only" section behind home plate and along the baselines are literally right in the area where people walk.  They have a painted line on the ground stating where you can/can't stand.  People buck up to that line to watch the game, thus leaving only a small area to actually walk by.  If you are claustrophobic, you will not enjoy walking into this stadium. -

1 39 Watched "The Visit". The movie was cool.  At the box office, there was no line as it was a matinee showing so no problems there.   Got our snacks, big ol popcorn bucket (get a 1 free refill, the stub is on the bucket)  and a large drink.  So I took 2 stars off  1.  For the nasty seats that obviously  had been stained from a milkshake? Wait, they don't serve milkshakes, do they?  (it was on the best seats right in the middle of the top row.) They need to clean!  2. It's like going to the Orleans theatre from like 10 years ago when I was in high school.  (Guess, I have to stick with town square) they need an update.

1 40 This is a spot I frequent because it is close to my work. I enjoy playing Bingo with my friends and coworkers. The crowd at times can be questionable because people can be very obnoxious and if you go as often as I do, can ruin your experience. There are people that are rude at Bingo. Just be careful.  It can get very busy so sometimes it is diffcult finding a slot machine that you like to play. Especially the Buffalo game.

0 26 This is a hard one to review. I was excited to get the chance to check out this place with some friends on their recent free museum day. Their current exhibit is called "Figuratively Speaking: A Survey of the Human Form" and includes works from Picasso and Renoir, in addition to more modern artists. Normally, admission costs $15, $12 for NV residents, or $8 for locals every Wednesday from 5-7pm. An audio guide is included with admission at no additional charge. There are some very interesting, thought-provoking pieces here, but the space is quite small. Altogether, there are about 30 works of art.  The audio guide contains some interesting backstories. For example, one of the portraits on display depicts Picasso's ex-girlfriend. Apparently, Picasso continued to frequently visit his ex and painted this portrait WHILE he was dating someone else. Pablo, that is pretty messed up. You got some serious cojones...  So in the end, was it worth it? Well, because it was free, the line was long a

1 28 Aweosme theater, tho given name, wish they'd show more avant-garde stuff. You can see trash like Terminator 5 anywhere.

0 41 Went into theater and it reeked of bad body odor. I was early for my movie so I expressed my concern with an employee. He chuckled and proceeded to spray an air freshener inside the theater. The bad body odor was much stronger than the air freshener and I could smell it (body odor) throughout the movie.

0 43 Loved this show! Had a complete blast watching this show. Totally worth it. What's unique about this show is that it's the first Cirq show and others birthed out of this.   Plenty of humor and crowd participation as well. I was actually called up on stage and put in a box locked away while my wife was hit on in the audience by the host. Classic.  Not sure what the show is about but I've heard things that are bizarre. I'll let you do your own research and figure it out for yourself.  Show is 90 minutes long and doesn't feel like it at all. Seriously the show begins and next thing you know it's over.  The seating was great. It didn't seem like there was a bad seat in the house. I sat 3 rows from stage but I would like to see the show from the back as well to see all of it. I felt like I was missing something above my head or behind me because I was so close.  Great show and a memory to never forget.

1 42 GO EARLY! Traffic backs up on the 143 to University and the parking lot is not fun to negotiate!

1 43 I'm sorry, but this "Pumpkin Patch" was horrible!    We decided to take a drive down here to possibly get a pumpkin for our son and to partake in some of the activities.  We pulled up and found a parking spot way in the back lot.  To their credit, they do have a ton of parking.  We made our way up to the entrance and noticed a few things.  1.  This isn't really a pumpkin patch.  It's some barrels of hay with pumpkins sitting on top of them. 2.  The pumpkins themselves were all ghetto.  A majority of them were deformed, dented, rotting and just didn't look like a typical pumpkin. 3.  The setup of this place is horrible!  You have about a foot of space to walk through, all the while, the line to purchase your pumpkin was snaking through the area as well.  One huge clusterfuck!  We lasted about 5 minutes.  Horrible layout! 4.  This place isn't in the "hood" per say, but the people that were mulling out and about were super white trash.  Reminded me of the El Cajon trolley station...if you

0 47 I was at an event in the event space, so I have not been to the stadium. the event space was very big and is a good alternative to the LVCC, if you are not CES or NAB and a lot of other acronyms that I can't think of right now, but I think you get the idea. There is plenty of parking. You would have to consult their website to find out how many spots and how many the event space can hold. Live It Up You Are In Las Vegas For Cryin' Out Loud!

1 44 Confusing parking.   Nice theater. Very poor service at concession stand.  Spoke with manager.  She was short and abrupt.  Many choices. This is a poor one.

1 45 I haven't been to this place since the remodel. First off, the parking garage is crazy!! Man! You have to drive really slow and careful not to sideswipe walls! Second, the elevators stink all to high hell. They didn't renovate here at all, but a little Febreze could go a long way!  We had a junior suite and I must say that I was impressed. The room was well decorated and laid out. I would recommend splurging for it if you're going to stay here. I didn't stay here, a friend rented the room for our bachelor party, so it served its purpose as a pit stop.  The casino I didn't see much of, as we didn't really hang out here, but it looked pretty descent and they have the latest casino games.  Would I stay here, say for a weekend getaway to hang out in old Downtown Las Vegas? Probably. Like I said, the junior suite was nice. The only downfall is the smelly elevators, smelly hallway to the elevator and the ridiculous parking garage.

0 46 This isn't my first time here but it's my first time checking in. I normally just go here randomly with my hubby and family to play bingo. It's a smaller local casino that doesn't have much tables to play if you're looking for variety of card games or roulette. I love roulette but whenever I go here, I never really see the table open and the floor lady kinda just looks then doesn't say anything. It actually happened twice. I even walked to the table and she just looked then turned around. Threw me off guard but it just made me not want to really play there. This was basically around 10/11pm after the bingo session is over. I love the bingo attendance. The workers there are really nice and it's great to see that they always remember their regulars when they go buy their tickets or get paid out. I'm not a regular there but when I do go, I do notice that. Props to the bingo room! If you don't mind smelling extra smokey, it's a fun place to play. (Bingo that is lol)

1 47 We did not have any VIP tickets, or special seatings. We were just regular folks watching a regular movie, who purchased their tickets in advance.   The good: Seats spacious and comfy. Lots of leg room. Movie is not too loud. This is the first time I managed to play TimePlay (I wish they would explain it some more). Popcorn was good (but hey, it's popcorn). Toilets were clean. Alleys and inside theatre was clean.   The bad: Clerks that scans your tickets REALLY does not want to be there.   In the end, it is a movie experience. But a good one nonetheless.

1 48 Casino is nice inside, especially for it's location.  I thought the slots were much tighter than average, but hey, someone has to pay for that decor inside (then again, I've done much better at the Cosmopolitan and the Eastside Cannery is nowhere near the level of the Cosmo).  The biggest disappointment was the bait and switch on tickets to a recent MMA event.  I wanted best available, and she circled on a map where they would be.  Looked good so I bought the tickets.  The seats and location noted on the tickets are not on the map of the arena.  When I brought it to the attention to the clerk who sold me the tickets, she kept looking on her screen telling me the section (yes, it says so on my tickets, my point is I don't know where in the arena these seats are as the floor plan doesn't show the section or seat on my ticket) she went back and talked to the manager (I think her name may have been Heidi) , came back and circled where I would be, which was different than where she initiall

1 49 I have been to this theater many times before, but I must say on my last visit there I was less than impressed. Not that I was over the moon on my previous visits.   I was there with my family on a Monday night for an 8:20 showing of Monsters University. We got our tickets and went through the concession walk through/ self serve, which I honestly think is just silly, why can't they just have the regular concession counter like at the other theaters? The reason I don't like the self serve is because everything is always messy and sticky, which it was! People just let there kids who are too small to reach the soda fountain help themselves to whatever they want and they get soda everywhere! I don't mean to sound like a hard ass, but watch your kids people!!! So of course it doesn't get wiped up in a timely manner and thus everything in that walk thru is pretty gross!   My family enters the theater and you know the build up when you walk in and you wonder how many people are already in the

1 50 I LOVE the food, music and specialty drinks here.  The only thing that could possibly influence me to take away a star from my review is the fact that the service we have received every time we've eaten here has been terrible.  We had the same server each time.  She told us the wrong drink specials for the day the first time.  The second time she had no idea that half the beers they have were out of stock because they had a busy weekend and hadn't gotten another shipment in.  She acts like she doesn't care about her job or the customers and she disappears frequently for 5-10 minutes at a time.  Maybe if we got another server I'd give this place 5 stars.

1 34 It's an old theatre that could stand a major renovation but you just can't beat their offerings of independent, foreign and art house type films. Do I wish the seats were more comfortable? Sure! Would it be nice to have more than one bathroom on the ground floor. You betcha, it would be! Could their concessions offer a little more variety? Yeah, I suppose. But, I'm willing to overlook all that since they're one of only a couple theaters in Charlotte brave enough to show films that have become some of my favorites like I Am Not Your Negro, Requiem for a Dream, Shakespeare in Love, The King's Speech, Jackie, etc.

1 36 This is probably my least favorite Harkins to go catch a movie - aside from the one at Metro! Every weekend this place is crowded with jr high kids just hanging out near the entrance. Seriously? You get dropped off by mom to sit in front of a movie theatre and do what, check out other 14 year olds walk by? Having a full jr high school inside the theatre makes for a very unpleasant movie experience. I can't tell you how many times I've had to "shh" a kid next to me or asked them take their phone/text conversations outside. 1/5 times the kids in there are just texting back and forth or making out in the theatre the whole time while their other friends are giggling and throwing popcorn at the lovebirds. Seriously, don't waste your mommy's $ if you're not going to actually watch the movie. Anything you do there you could do at the park for free, so please stay away from my theatre!! Only reason I come back is because it's the closest theatre from my house. Otherwise I take my souvenir cup 

0 39 My wife and I have memberships at the AGO now. I've been three times since joining. I am trying to make it a point of going often in order to make the most of my membership purchase. (Though, I suppose supporting the gallery is worthwhile in and of itself.) The gallery is big enough it will probably take several trips to figure out where everything is, and see everything worth seeing.  The AGO renovation is amazing, and seems like what the ROM renovation should have aspired to. I like the Crystal, but once inside the museum it seems clear that it doesn't work that well. Gallery space is poorly utilized, and the interior just doesn't look that nice. There is all sorts of infrastructure jutting out here and there, which ruin the the interior elements of the design. The AGO on the other hand seems like a perfectly executed renovation. The exterior is certainly nice, but the interior is where things really shine. Everything seems neat and tidy and just right. The ROM's big success is movin

0 40 Let me start out by stating that I am NOT a fan of musicals. As a child I had a well meaning Aunt that subjected me to unspeakable cruelties. By this, I mean she was always making us watch these old movie musicals. To this day, I still cannot bear the thought of having to watch South Pacific, West Side Story or The Sound of Music EVER again!  But anyways..  A friend hooked me up with some free tickets to the show, so I figured I may as well check it out. After all, if it really stunk I would just walk on out. No big risk there, right?  I ended up enjoying this so much more than I ever would have thought!  The orchestra was incredible! The sound level was perfect, as well! Loud enough to be able to enjoy the performances comfortably, but not overbearing. I also greatly enjoyed the lighting and especially some of the costumes! Those costumes during the second "Chicago" number were fantastic!  Some of my favorite moments from the show included...  - the opening "Cabaret" was fantastic! Ve

0 43 Can always count on this theatre to play must-see international and indie movies in Charlotte. Tonight I'm seeing Loving. Last week, Handmaiden. Next week, Moonlight. The building needs some updates and modern amenities like a bar/cafe/lounge for post-movie reflection. Hey, that's a grant or fundraising idea!

0 46 Pleasantly surprised. Cleveland, you surprise me at times.  Having spent a month exploring the museums in DC (Smithsonian Museum of Contemporary Art!), as well as having frequented the MOMA and the Art Institute of Chicago.... I wondered, could this random art museum in the middle of Case's campus live up to its hype?  And yes, it did.   Minus the tour ladies who thought my parents and I were foreigners and tried handing us brochures in Japanese (one of them actually pointed to us and said, "here, maybe this will help!" while holding the brochure), and kept telling us about the Asian art exhibit (good grief, stop already!), this museum was great.  Sure, it's not as big as most art museums. But honestly, I liked its size. I always hate weaving in and out of people in museums like the Smithsonian, b/c it's always a madhouse- kids screaming, ppl be annoying and not knowing how to look at art, etc etc, but in the CMA, you can actually just walk around and look at the art- without having to

0 1 Saw the Kusama exhibit. Lots of dots. Long lines. Took 90 minutes and I was very satisfied at the end


 ###### Service  positive ######
1 1 This building in the heart of the "18b" arts district in Downtown Las Vegas may be the saving of culture in the city. This two story building situated on the corner of Charleston and main st. echo a past of Vegas as well as carving out a unique future for the art community of Las Vegas. As the heart of First Fridays, a collective of usually 10,000 people every first Friday of the month, it serves as the standard for whats happening in Art. There is always some controversy, and always fantastic art. This is a must do in Vegas.

1 2 So this was my first time here. Always in their paking lot for other businesses and a co-worker said they had great food. So came in tonight to try them out. I ordered the Phily and fries, one of favorite meals, and I have to say it was perfect. Even the fries were perfect. And when I said no mushrooms they got it right.   The server Shari was professional and friendly. On time with refills too, one of the biggest things to me as I don't like running out of drinks. The place has a great vibe, good music, great food, and great service. And very clean.   Typically this is where I sum up the pros and cons on every place. In tge event of this place I did not find as single con. Bravo to Jackson's bar for a job well done! You now will have a loyal customer since I live close by. I look forward to becoming part of the Jackson's family. See you soon.

1 3 Cool place to check out if your a Vegas native or not. They have how they lived in an atomic testing age and cool different tools that are different from today's. It's well worth checking out.

1 5 This has become my new favorite movie theater!  First off, you get big comfy seats and the opportunity to reserve them. So if you are running late for that movie, you don't have to worry about being stuck in the first row. You'll know before hand and isn't that what we all want to know?! The worst feeling is walking in and realizing the worst seats are available.  Second, They offer student discounts at every time of day. I paid $7.50 for my seat and was exuberant. Overall, the theater was clean, cozy and made me feel like I was watching a movie from home. I love the free parking and the location. It makes it easy to grab a bite to eat before, run some errands and then hit a show. Now hit all those blockbusters coming out for the holidays because they have the seats to accommodate your needs!

1 9 In any city, in any country, there is a respite of beauty called The Art Museum. Abandon snark, all ye who enter here (until you get to the modern art section, then you can roll eyes as much as you want. Go ahead, it's just a canvas painted white, after all - says the art history student).  A lovely walk across the green to the front door, free coat check, free admission and after the initial confusion over where to start, I found myself whisked through the space organically and chronologically with ease.   The collections are laid out perfectly and in spite of its size (so you think), there are so many wonderful pieces, notable time periods and important artists represented that it's impossible to leave unsatisfied. The curator has done an impeccable job, especially with the opportunities for information via laminated plaques, audio walking tours and docents. Even the security guys are helpful with directions. I can't wait to see what the new wings have in store!  Little tip: don't, u

1 10 I'm live right between Tempe Marketplace and Mesa Riverview, so occasionally I'll visit this theater if I don't feel like dealing with the crowds at TMP. Since it's not usually as packed as Harkins, the movie viewing experience isn't as typical, but it's a nice change of pace. It's always very clean and the staff is very nice.

1 11 This little museum is free when you go to Spring Preserve. My son loves it, it may not be big but it holds up pretty well. They also have activities, in a room located before the entrance, something to definitely to check out. Overall the museum is small and definitely worth checking out, plus they are alway changing the museum exhibit that is located across from the main room.

1 12 Had much fun here at this stadium watching Angels games for Spring Training 2016

1 10 Took my friend here to see Popovich Comedy Pet Theatre earlier last week. It was a fun show to watch, and definitely had a good laugh that evening! This theatre often brings in quality comedy shows and talented performances throughout the year... it is a nice way to spend an evening together with your family or with your date ;) hehehe...  Bought my tickets online at http://www.markham.ca/wps/portal/Markham/RecreationCulture/MarkhamTheatre/  Just login, pick your show and time, choice your seats, check out, and print your tickets :) It was very straight forward, and easy to use! Sometimes, they do have special deals going on. It will be noted on that particular show's information page, but you'll have to call in to reserve those tickets (Ex. Family of 4 for $100, Regular tickets can range from $30 to $40+ per person depending on the show). Also, please note that there will be a handling fee + $2 charge on each online purchased ticket.... (sucks, but I didn't want to go there and pick i

1 13 My husband got us tickets and I could not believe it  Of course I took my 12 year old with me when we arrived we where so nervous we ended up being right in front of the stage omg we could not believe it .The security guard was talking to us and everything he was so nice. The show started at 9:30 and it was amazing from start to  finish jlo looked right me and my daughter multiple times smiled and had so much contact with all the people . ALL OF HER DANCES WHERE AMAZING ....SHE IS AN INCREDIBLE -PERFORMER ! All her dancers and back up dancers where so amazing also . It was high energy for 2 hours straight it is a night me and my daughter will never forget .

1 14 We saw a post about this place on Facebook so me and my fianc decided to take our son , we saw all the good reviews and pictures and give it a try .  When u walk in right next to the door by the shoe closet you have this hand sanitizer and we thought that its was wonderful since i can imagine many kids and adults been sick this time of the year among other germs and we try to be really careful about that    Long story short ,the lady  greated us and explain to us since it was our first time here and handed us a pad  you fill it up with parents names , kids name etc... if you dont have socks they do , i aint sure if they are free or you pay but its good to know - you place your shoes on a open closet and get ready to explore with your kids the place and if you planning a party for the kids they do have a separate room for that   This place is sock friendly and they only charge $10 per kid /adults are free and not only that it gets better !!!! you get free coffee or tea and best of all 

1 15 Kangamoo is fantastic!! The owners really put a lot of thought into this place. The play structure is enormous, no kidding this thing is huge. It is sturdy enough that even the parents can go through it with their little ones. The employees are so friendly. One of the young ladies working was so sweet, she offered to take my daughter down the slide. I posted a vid . There is massage chairs, free coffee, water, wifi, massage chairs, elliptical machine, plenty of seating areas. Loveeeee it!!

1 16 Good sized and easy to maneuver art gallery.  Enjoyed all the different types of art from early 1400s all the way up to contemporary.  Architecturally beautiful, service and staff are very friendly and knowledgeable.  Don't forget to stop by the cafe for rum raisin gelato.  It is amazing.  Street parking available.

1 18 Ak-Chin is a great Phoenix venue that is all outside. I have been here several times and bought lawn seats. Up on the hill, there are no complaints from what I can see. It is a little tough going to an outside venue during the summer months but worth it by who is playing!

1 21 We absolutely love Kids Quest. Fun and safe place to leave the kids at. Vaccinations record is required to attend. They are a licensed day care and is tax deductible. Print outs are available upon request. 5 hour stay maximum during which the kids can be checked out and checked back in. Now you don't have to stay at Red Rock premises and could leave the casino, just let them know when you're planning on coming back.  There are many fun activities for the kids of any age: iPad station, Wii, basketball, the Quest (jungle gym), TVs, dress up station, library, block station, Lego station, toys station, etc. There is a cafe where kids could purchase snacks and drinks with the money you deposit on their account when they are checked in. You can leave an open account, deposit a certain amount, or purchase the actual snacks and drinks of your choice.   Kids Quest is a life saver for us! Would definitely recommend it to anyone with kids!

1 24 From 9/26/15  We came to  Century Orleans 18 to see Black Mass, and I have to say I'm impressed with this theater!   Everything was clean and up-to-date, you can tell they actually take care of this place. The concession stand was sort of interesting because it was self-service for some of the items you might purchase. The popcorn comes in a junior size that is perfect for us adults who don't want to eat that much of the stuff.   Also, there is an arcade with a multitude of games in case you have a bit of a wait or want to get your gamer on afterward. The theater rooms were comfy with plenty of rooms to stretch out; the seats don't recline back, but I guess that's okay. Overall, I would say this is a really nice movie theater.

1 27 I am so in love with this museum.  I can geek out with the best of them when it comes to installation art.  The Mattress Factory Museum it's a bright shining jewel in the middle of an urban neighborhood.    In my opinion the Mattress Factory is quintessential  of the lower North Side. The Mattress Factory is always changing and developing, hip and edgy, while at the same time being down to earth and approachable and kid friendly.   The museum is situated amongst houses in the Mexican War Streets. And the entrance faces into an alley. This can make it easy to miss. The urban camouflage adds to not takes away from the the uniqueness and allure of the museum.  It's located in an alley way oh but the wonders that are inside!!!   The museum actually has a warm hole which in the center of a room 3 floors above the ground that you can look down into and see clear outside the museum.  This place is very kid friendly too! On my last visit I was accompanied by three young ones. My family and I h

1 25 I have only been to the Mystere theater three times in my life....and, go figure, two out of three times it was to go see the Mystere show.  The Mystere theater seats 1,541 people. That doesn't seem like a big number, but it will certainly feel like a big number when you are waiting in an insanely long entry line to get seated! When we got into the line it was literally right in front of the buffet and almost onto the casino floor! Crazy! Fortunately, the line moved very quickly and we were inside the theater in no time at all!  The way the seats are staggered and inclined, there really is no bad seat in the house! Last time we were here we sat in the far back right area of the stage. This time we were in the 5th row just off left of the stage! Great seats! Close enough to see the facial expressions on the performers!   The acoustics also sounded good as they had a live band perform during the entire duration of the show! I have also had a chance to check out a concert here and the sou

1 28 One of the best shows I've seen in a long time. Unique.  An incredible group of talent that blends the three iconic films seamlessly with a modern twist.   I would pick a favorite soloist but they were all so talented.  I will come see this again.

1 29 This is probably my favorite museum in town! They always have fun events and artists coming to visit with spectacular shows. I just got tickets for the Kusama show coming this summer. They have a stunning atrium with great first Friday of the month night events full of happy hour drinks and great music. If you are a CLE local or a visitor this is a place to see!

1 30 Like watching a high school team with nice fans relaxing and having fun.  Even the bathrooms were clean.

1 31 We are such fans. It's the perfect light dinner with a glass of wine and a taste from around the world in a crepe! The favors are delightful. Tonight me crepe is Greece and the wine is from Bulgaria. He is having the crepe from France with wine from Italy. Service is attentive and warm. Why don't we come her even more often?! Love it.

1 32 Boy am I happy that Cleveland Museum of Art is in Cleveland! (wait, what?) CMA is one of the very few museums in the world that is free to the public due to its amazing sponsorships (can they get what what!). The variety of different cultures you see in each room, on both floors is quite impressive. Nothing looks or screams free about it (which is usually not the case). Whether you care to read all painting descriptions or to just admire each stroke of the painters art-its the best place to go for life to escape you. It's peaceful and soothing, yet makes you really think when you come across an amazing painting (which is quite often in this museum).   Cleveland Museum also does its fair share of promoting great events during the week nights and weekends. One of my favorites are the monthly mix events where they focus on a certain genre of music or a certain type of style they want newcomers to be prepared to upon arriving. My favorite is in the summer when they have it in the back in t

1 33 We are celebrating our 27th wedding anniversary tonight. Here. When we started dating, my husband took me to his parent's house and showed me Evil Dead on Beta max. Almost 30 years later, here we are, still fans. Our kids love the movies, too. And the TV SHOW.  So this was exciting. And it really is a fun show as promised. Some really good voices here. And all the staff I met are very pleasant. A good twisted night.

1 34 I like it here...very clean and rooms were renovated.  The only downside...the noise from Fremont Street can be heard from any of the rooms.  Aside from that, very convenient when you are staying in downtown.

1 35 Top notch, great ladies. Good hourly drink and dance specials!

1 36 This show is really amazing performances by all the Divas and Frank. They really show they spend time on their outfits and their performances, I bring a lot of out of town guests to this show and will continue to do so as long as they are performing, the performers are very good and their songs they sing and the dancers are great also. Frank is a performer who general cares about other causes and charities, he has such an open heart for others while other performers dont have his kind heart, we had good seats also they were comfortable and every time we go we dont have bad seats at all. I would recommend coming to see this show when anyone visits Las Vegas. He has been performing for a long time and continues to wow the audience every time!

1 37 The Mattress Factory is incredible. I go to as many of their events and openings as I can, and each time I am blown away. First of all, the staff is just phenomenal. The people who work here care deeply about the installations and getting to know the intricacies of each piece. They are helpful in assisting however they can to make your experience worthwhile.  When I tell people about The Mattress Factory, I often get the response, "I wish I understood art more." or "I wish I were an art person who could *get* it." The reality is, there's nothing to "get" at TMF. It is the kind of experience that makes you FEEL. It is internal, personal, and always difficult for me to talk about. It's not a place I go to muse over what someone "meant" to convey. It's a place I go to seek out FEELING the art, sometimes literally, and thinking about those emotions that come out of each piece.   For me, experiencing the exhibits is overwhelming in the best possible way. If I want to get away from reality, 

1 39 While you are visiting Cleveland don't miss this world class museum. I saw the Jazz Age exhibit today and it was fantastic! If you love deco design this exhibit is a must see.  The rest of the museum has an impressive permanent exhibit too. They have a wide range of art and sculpture.  Including works from masters like, Picasso, Monet and Van Gogh. Their collection of Ancient art is outstanding. Especially their small Roman household art and sculpture. The museum is free but their is a modest charge for the Jazz Age Exhibit.  Double highly recommend.

1 41 Love this theater ever since they upgraded. Big fan of reserved seats although I do wish they'd do better about selling accessible seats to people who really need them but with the self service kiosk I know it is more difficult to do so.  Maybe they could require that those seats be purchased at the ticket booth. Anyway, other than that, which truly is an issue everywhere, it is a nice theater with nice employees. Good seats, good sound and direct & easy access from back parking lot.

1 42 Large reclining seats are awesome!  I had a hummus plate and 2cookies, both myself and my daughter enjoyed seeing a movie here. They have a waiting area out on the balcony and a bar as well.  We were worried that we were going to get stuck in the mall because we parked way on the other side, but at about 9 PM we were able to walk through the mall and get to our car with no issue.

1 44 One of the better places to watch a movie. Seats are so comfy! And the staff are always so polite and friendly.

1 45 I went to the AGO to enjoy the infinity mirror exhibit. There were 5 different rooms available and other pieces around. You get 20-30 secs in a room and then move on. I really wish we got more time! We waiting about 10 mins to get to each room. It wasn't too busy on a Wednesday morning. Other then that, I'd love the chance to go again.

1 46 Definitely one of the best places to take visitors.  I've eaten at the Provenance Caf several times since my last review, and it's as good as it looks.  Don't miss the free water station on the far side of the cash registers.  I have to highly recommend this place for small children.  They have so many family events, and a fantastic interactive play area.  I have cherished my mornings here during the Stroller Tours (free.  twice a month on Wednesdays).  It's so nice to be able to do something meant for adults without fearing that your baby is annoying everyone.  Most other places we go that are actively welcoming babies are geared for the babies.

1 48 My husband has never seen a drag show, so I wasn't sure what he would think. We had the BEST time!  We laughed, we clapped and laughed some more.  The male entertainers are bar far the best, I have ever seen in a drag show.  See this show, you will not be disappointed.

1 49 I used to frequent the strings cafe weekly when I lived on that part of town. It's open 24 hours on the weekends and the service is always great. I think one of the servers liked me there, but she may have been in it for the tips. You know how vegas waitresses can be....

1 50 I used to live in Vegas and came to this location all the time.  I never did understand the whole parking situation but I always use MGM Grand garage.  This place is great!  If you are walking by and need to use the restroom...you can!  The AC here is just wonderful!  They have some late shows going...perfect!  Cant wait to go back!

1 23 They use to be in Palms, but I guess since the Playmates were there it wasn't a good influence for the kids!  Nevertheless the drive to Red Rock to have a babysitting service is still worth it!  My wife and I have been going to Kids Quest for almost 6 years now and my boys enjoy their stay there.  Every time we're in Vegas (once or twice a month) my boys will always want go to Kids Quest so my wife and I can have our time to play and have fun.  The rates are great about $9 an hour per kid, worth the money if you're winning too, hahaha!  This particular location has an iPad and a basketball court.  And, they provide food and drink if you give them an allowance during their stay.  Highly recommend for parents looking to have a few hours or 4 without the kids while in Vegas.

1 28 Holy cow, what a find! I'm a native New Yorker, so I carry with me the impression that all the great art is only in New York (and some of it is in Washington). It's always awesome to find that I'm wrong, but I've not been more wrong than this! Cleveland has an AWESOME collection of art going on here. Someone said that they're the sixth best museum in the United States and I can see why they would rank it this high.  I prefer the more modern (but not "contemporary") art and the Cleveland MOA has this and more. Van Goghs, Rembrandt, Picasso, Tissot and more. There's even Bierstadt, O'Keeffe and Warhol here. Oh, and in case you thought it was all about the paintings, there was a display of Faberge eggs and Tiffany lamps. Wow!  Did I mention that it's completely FREE?  My socks have been appropriately blown off.

1 31 Great place for paintball!  They have 4 fields (1 was currently being renovated).  2 paintball and 1 giant speedball field.  Plenty of picnic tables and awnings which was appreciated in the early afternoon as it was starting to get hot.  The owner at the counter is extremely friendly and will try to accommodate you as best as possible.  Just beware that weekends it gets very busy to give them a call first to make sure they have rental equipment available.    Rental equipment was very clean and not smelly.  If you are a girl, they also give you the body armor, which is a very nice touch.    Keep an eye out for the $30 groupon deals, or if you are a local, it's $30 for half a day with all equipment, plus $15 for 500 balls.

1 35 Our go to theatre. Clean, right down the street, $5.25 Tuesday's, the XD theatre is awesome.

1 38 What fun we had, really talented, lots of fun. Great show, amazing dancers and worth a visit. Free Jell-O shots

1 41 Comfortable seating. Love coming Wednesday or Tuesday, Tuesdays five dollars. Also there is places to eat at South point if you don't want snacks. Also get points using Cinemark app.

1 44 A touch of true (not manufactured) French impressionist art in Las Vegas. This city keeps on pleasantly surprising me.   The Monet exhibition is on view through January 6, 2013. This exhibition showcased 20 works by Monet and eight other works by Jean-Baptiste-Camille Corot, Camille Pissarro, and Eugene Louis Boudin.  February 2013 onwards we can look forward to a Warhol series.   The gallery itself is pretty compact, the audio aids provided are quite easy to use and the gallery doesn't seem to get too crowded to allow enjoyment of these exquisite works. Although I have to mention that the audio provided quite a lot of useless information rather than descriptions of the art work and the artists.   Strangely enough, in addition to the gorgeous art, I was drawn to the walls of the studio that were painted a stunning purple!  The cost of a ticket here is around $16 for adults ($13 for locals) and children under 12 are free. Pretty reasonable for a priceless experience.   It's nice to part

1 46 Great place for kids too see history with plenty of room to move and roam! The musuem includes a traditional musuem with exhibit space and gift shop but the best part is the relocated homes and buildings located around the expansive property including an old train depot, trains, motor home, wedding chapel, Indian huts and even a mini ghost town. We had 5 kids ages 4-8 and they all had fun exploring especially because they could move.  The musuem also has a cool guide that challenges kids to find numerous objects to keep them engaged. There's also a nature trail but we didn't do this time.  Plan at least 90 minutes to 2 hrs. We packed a lunch and then headed to a park just across boulder hwy. Admission is VERY reasonable just $2 for adults and $1 for kids.

1 15 Kangamoo is fantastic!! The owners really put a lot of thought into this place. The play structure is enormous, no kidding this thing is huge. It is sturdy enough that even the parents can go through it with their little ones. The employees are so friendly. One of the young ladies working was so sweet, she offered to take my daughter down the slide. I posted a vid . There is massage chairs, free coffee, water, wifi, massage chairs, elliptical machine, plenty of seating areas. Loveeeee it!!


