
 ###### Price  negative ######
1 1 I purchased my first vehicle from Pinnacle Nissan. My Nissan Juke was very good to me so I decided I want to stay with Nissan. My first experience was great with the first vehicle.   I've been looking around at the new Nissan Murano. I recently visited Avondale Nissan just to test drive and discuss costs. The people there were very rude and turned me off on buying a new car any time soon.   The other day I received a personal text from Bryson asking if I was in the market to buy a new car, which I have been. I told him what I wanted over text and about my Juke and finances. He was able to write up a deal and call me with the info which made the process easy! Saved so much time that could have been wasted at the dealership if the numbers didn't come out right. And they got my interest rate at 3.24 when Avondale Nissan was trying to give me 7% which is higher than the rate of my first car when I had zero credit. My credit  is in the 700's so there is no way I should have been ripped off 

1 2 Prices are a little steep

1 3 For people expecting a $35 hand car wash job here, you're at the wrong place. This car wash, even at their highest priced wash, will give you a bare bones, decent wash so your car doesn't look like crap rolling down the street. We have been bringing both our vehicles here for about 2 years now, having bought the unlimited wash passes for both. My husband has a flat black dip job on his truck and it looks filthy after 2 days of normal driving. The $15/month pass is perfect- we can drive through and get it decently clean within a few minutes. I don't mind vacuuming myself or wiping down my own interior. The cars don't get spotlessly clean like they do at a handwash, but good enough for the price. My only issue is with the electronic pass for your windshield. It literally works properly 1/5 times. We were told this was due to a faulty pass and given a new one. Then we were told it was due to the polarized windshield, and they gave us a signed pass to keep in the glove compartment. We have

1 5 I was at store #1665 and the mechanics on duty recommended that my Serpentine Belts be replaced. Person on duty was P. Garippa. I went to a real mechanic today and they said my belts were fine and the Jiffy Lube people were lying. It seems like a cash grab to me at that store. Very shady. I talked to Justin at the store today and he apologized , but offered nothing else. Something must change at this location.  That was my letter to the corporate office. I would never let a Jiffy Lube dude (really, just a minimum wage employee with oil training) touch anything important on my car and now I will never believe another one of these yahoo's. I did spend 45 minutes at a real shop which equals Jiffy Lube wasted my time and I want to be compensated for the idiots you hire that are trying to get money for things that do not need to be fixed.     Take your serpintine belt and shove it boys.

1 9 Are you people kidding me I had to wait in line for a half an hour to pay for a goddamn quart of oil? It was 4 o'clock on a Monday afternoon there's no excuse..... no excuse for that!!!! I would give zero stars if I could

1 12 A piss poor ran car wash, they take forever and don't do a good job. Over priced and overrated. Don't waste your time here. Took over an hour to get my truck washed and they had it sitting in the back for 20 minutes cause my antenna wouldn't come off and no one bothered to call til after 20 minutes. People that weren't even here when I got here have already got there car washed and gone. Will not come back even if the car washes were free.

1 13 Brought the car in on Sunday 11 Oct, If you've ever cleaned your own vehicle then go ahead and throw out all expectations for this business to do it for you.  Paid $65 for a "hand wax," interior clean, basically the works.  40 minutes later when it was ready, I opened my door and thought I was being punked! They vacuumed AROUND  my floor mats, Didn't wipe the seats at all, center console still had remnants from an iced mocha. They wiped my navigation screen with a tire shine rag and it took a few hits with glass cleaner to get the oily film off. The windows inside looked way worse than when they started. Worst of all the wax for the outside of the car that was used wasn't completely wiped off and on a black car it really shows. Ran it through a car wash a couple days later cuz I couldn't stand to look at it. This place is a complete waste of your money. I approached the individual that greeted me and talked me into spending the $65 and showed him the fiasco. He was in disbelief when he

0 21 Cheap tools! I love this place since they carry things that most places don't.  I came here for some ramps to drive my quad onto my truck.  They had 4-5 sets to choose from.  The only complaint I would say is they get busy and they cant always get to everyone right away but it's probably because they pass the savings onto the customer by not having tons of employees.  The tools aren't craftsman so don't expect a lifetime warranty but I don't always need that kind of tool.  I hardly use tools!

1 14 Heed the reviews! Went here, as soon as they figured out I knew the game, done! They offered me 5.9% with A tier credit. Left, went to Findlay Toyota, got 0%, and a better deal on a better car. Don't give away your hard earned money...

1 15 Very disappointing! My family and I visited a large number of dealerships over the course of two weeks and Horne Kia was by far the worst!  I had been helping my sister shop for a new car and I came across a vehicle on Horne Kia's website that was the specific model and trim level I really wanted her to see.  It was listed on the Horne Kia website at $4,000 more than an identical car (same year/model/color/trim) listed at another dealer nearby, so I called ahead and spoke with "Mike".  We discussed the other, identical car and he said he "might not be able to match the price of the competitor's car exactly", but he promised he could "get really close".  I explained that I had to make arrangements with my sister and didn't want to make the drive clear across town if he wasn't absolutely certain that he could get very close to the competitor's price.  He said "no problem, we can make it happen" and told me to come on in.  I gathered my sister, my father and my wife and drove across town 

0 41 Some of the things that make this place so great are also what make it fall short of a 5 star rating. T & M is a place that I know won't upsell me with services I don't need. The prices aren't rock bottom, but the pricing is fair. I'd rather have fair pricing on services I'm confident I need rather than rock bottom pricing on services I didn't need in the first place.  Because of this honesty, it's not a surprise that this shop is very busy. However, a busy shop means that it's hard to get work done here unless you have a flexible schedule. At the place I get my brakes and belts changed, I can drop in during lunch, get my work done, then be out in about an hour. That would be impossible at T & M because they're too busy. I live alone, so I can't just drop off my car in the morning and go the whole day without a car. Furthermore, T & M is only open M-F, which I hate since I work M-F. If you're like many Vegas residents and work varied schedules, you can afford to wait at the shop on a r

1 19 This is not the place to go to for an oil change.  My car doesn't take any special kind of oil, nor did they ask me for my preference. When it was time to pay, I was pretty shocked it was $80. I always pay $29.99 for my oil changes down the street at Sun Auto. I've noticed a lot of other places are charging outrageous prices for oil changes. I will stick to my usual auto shop for now on. I did appreciate how late this place stays open though.

1 20 Not sure why I keep coming back here. I guess I hope they would change and it's close. The worst car wash ever!!! And they never disappoint to do the worst job ever. Now I've learned and I will never come back here. $32 dollars for nothing.

1 23 I like to have someone else wash my car and vacuum it. I always get the Vip wash which is $19.99 but I check in on Yelp and get $3 off. I have to say I was disappointed in my last wash because my car had black dirty rain water on it and the automatic washer can only do so much. But when they hand dry it they usually get it all. Not this time I spent $17 and left with a dirty car.

1 25 I'm not impressed that it always takes longer to stand in line than it takes to shop there. Especially at lunch time. It's like the cashier sees the line has 10 people in it and says, oh, I better help this customer go through the newspaper and find a coupon for their affordably priced, cheaply made products.  I don't understand why I'm asked if I'm paying debit or credit when the machine asks me if to choose debit or credit anyway.  Streamline the checkout process and this place would be good-to-go.

1 28 You would think after you spend over $80.00 for an oil change, tire rotation and upgraded car wash they would actually wash the car and clean the interior (since that's what you paid for) but apparently I was a victim of wishful thinking.  I just don't know how people can not have pride in their job...no matter what the pay.  I guess I have always taken my jobs seriously and gone above and beyond most of the time.  I would rather clean it myself but I don't have the supplies.    Just skip the car wash if you want to come here.  It's a huge let down.

1 29 I've been going to Brakemaster for an oil change eversince my first car in hs. In the past what attracted me to this place are the coupons available in the coupon clippings section in the Sunday paper. The coupon is for $19.95 with tire rotation and brake check or something. Maybe because of habit, I still go to Brakemasters sans coupon since I ask for synthetic oil for my oil change, I am able to go without an oil change up to 10k miles with synthetic compared to 5k with regular.   What I like about this location is that it's not as busy in comparison to its location on dobson. PIus it's newer. So it's a short wait, a larger garage, and, why i really like Brakemasters is its free wi-fi. So no need to wait for oil change skimming through magazines, now I can still be connected to the world, either on yelp or facebook... YAY!   I usually go for the deluxe oil change package that is, they top off and replace all fluids, check, and rotate my tires, and do my oil change. Brakemasters also 

1 31 Five star review:::bought 2012 Acadia Denali loaded with luxury from a non pushy salesman (does not work there anymore)   we needed a vehicle to tow our two jet-skis but to keep the luxury of a Cadi without being as big as a Escalade    traded in a lemon 2012 Pilot with 1,200 miles on it he gave us exactly what we paid for it, knocked off some price on GMC and we bought their VIP service   never had a problem with service and due to VIP it's always free oil change etc :)       OK I'M EDITING THIS ENTRY TODAY.....  I had a screw in my tire.....I felt pressured into spending $480 on a new tire and rim and freaked and went to Big O Tires by my house......they said what's wrong and grabbed it........a tiny thing that was actually just sitting in the tread.....the car only has 9K miles on it.....for this the other place gets lunch paid for by me tomorrow.

1 32 Big mistake coming. Lazy-a.. people. For $22, more than I normally pay for a full service wash, they couldn't be bothered to clean the inside, mainly wiping it down inside. I've never had this happen before where these car wash people would have the audacity to not finish their work & try to pass it off as if they have. The supervisor even agreed but they couldn't give me back my money.  Jerks!!!

1 34 Took almost 45 mins for a oil change (they told me 20 mins when I got there) and it cost something like that as well...  Slow and expensive, not 2 things I like associated with my lube jobs.

1 36 review on their oil change service- one main reason I used them,because I had a $25 savings toward my oil change, it was late in the day and no one else was there, staff friendly  and of course when I arrived, someone else shows up, so they do oil change on both vehicle at same time in 2 different bays.. I guess he was not really focus, because I did not realize after I left they put in the wrong oil type, not the one recommend for Honda, yes granted this location is preferred for Chevy vehicles, but still they should have all oil grade?? And after 2k , I notice and oil leak in the garage, decided not worth driving back-from henderson and waiting to find out what the issue was- went to get the next oil change somewhere else and found out the oil change screw was loose- wtf.. Fyi I don't usually go to any dealership,as they are overpriced and always find extra work to be done on your car??? So therefore I will not go back....

1 37 I find it hard to believe how much stuff I've bought here in the last couple of years.  The quality isn't always there (what do you expect for the prices, right?), so I recommend thoroughly testing stuff before you need to use it in the field.  I've had to return a water pump (started smoking when plugged in, didn't pump), an auger (leaked oil like a 1973 Vega), and a solar inverter (didn't invert).  But it's always an easy and painless process to return stuff, so I really can't complain.  The staff always handles returns professionally and quickly.    The other 10,000 items I've bought there have been just fine.  I'll keep buying more stuff as fast as I can print out the 20% off coupons!  It's cheaper and lower quality stuff than you'll get from Home Depot or Lowe's, but for the price, who the hell cares?  I could literally buy 3 of some tools at HF for the price of 1 at HD or Lowe's.

1 38 This should really be a zero.  Being that I'm a pro when it comes to buying cars- a friend asked me to assist them with a purchase. Well  for one  they put me with (re-re)sales guy. Really 1 Strike one - in all my years of going to a car dealership I have never had to ask for help- normally someone is running me down until I give them the look.  Now if I give you a budget - why in the Sam hell would you go over it.  Now I did my research while waiting for dum ass to run and pay games. I'm the type of person when my mind is set on a price - I'm going to get that price. Well the rep didn't like that. Besides I feel like I'm doing you a favor- so you need to put in work- I'm not going to make it easy on  you if you are going to play games.  I'm not going to get into all the details as to what happen.  But I will say this - I hate it when a sales person states this is the only one so you need to get it today. ( pressure)Really dude for a 2014 this is the only car at this price. Well I knew

1 39 walked in with a $24.95 oil change (special) coupon.  I was told they'd knock off $10.  Yeah, right...never happened.  Walked out spending $83.00.  Jiffy Lube is notorious for "bait and switch" games.  Workers there are trained to never let the customer leave without spending maximum money.  I watched them closely...they were low on synthetic 5-20 oil...topped off my engine with 5-40w.  Beware.

1 41 I hate giving 5 star reviews because the business has to be exceptional to deserve it. I was going to take my SUV to another shop with great reviews too but the other guy had less reviewers...about a dozen. Alex, the owner, matched their price too. It appears that he believes in treating the customers fairly and you will succeed without major advertising (like that bald idiot from Dodge who proclaimed himself the King of Cars because his daddy gave him that dealership to manage, or that's the word among locals. I wonder what he did with that skinny Genie that he had painted blue every week for his infomercials. Probably suing him for paint inhalation and absorption. Then again, maybe he "chopped" him and is working elsewhere now. Badabup.)  It's still winter weather; so, I dont know about the quality of film used. Everyone is selling high performance, carbon, super sun deflecting space shuttle quality film (that can keep Dracula comfortable in the Las Vegas sun), over their competitors

0 43 They seem to conveniently be out of compact cars every time I've been here.  They suck. 

1 47 Salesman wasted my time..  What an ass.  He was really nice though.  Cars are way overpriced, service guys seem nice.  $50. For an oil change ?

1 48 There are certain things in life that shouldnt be wasted, and one of them are time. It should be handled in a precious way, and also be valued for its true price.  Last time i arrived to Vegas, i got to stand in line for an hour just to get my rental at Dollar/thrifty. So i decided to try another company, even though it was around $100 bucks more for the same car at the same location.  This time when i arrived to the same spot, i saw the crazy line that i could have been standing in, if i would have been cheap. But this wasnt the case this time, i lived and learned and It was nice to be right when you do such a decision.  Most ppl value money on their vacation, but if you also value time on your vacation as you should, dont waste it!

1 49 Well I have never been here, prices seem a tad higher than other places. But the staff were friendly, greeted right away. Cashier was friendly, clean inside with lots of different things to look at. I thought they were doing a good job on my car until I drove off and seen the black streaks left on my gray dashboard, must've been dirty rags. Other than that it was ok.

1 50 Ack. Can't believe I never got around to reviewing this place. Then again, it's been a while since I dared set foot in here, and I don't plan to ever again, so that probably explains it.   Full disclosure, while I am not an ultra nationalist, I do prefer to buy quality tools. I don't care if they're made in Germany (Wera, Wiha, Knipex, NWS), Switzerland (PB Swiss), Italy (Bahco), Finland (Fiskars), England (Fisco), or good old USA (SK, Proto, Wright, etc.).  So, enter Horror Freight, where almost nothing of their own house brand (by which I mean no-name stuff they attach their brand to in label only) is quality, regardless of where it was sourced. They claim it is just as good as other professional, name-brand stuff, but somehow vastly cheaper because they've cut out the middle man. Given, however, that most of it is made in China and has the appearance of the cheapest construction one can imagine, with the balance made in India (the only place capable of producing worse hand tools tha


 ###### Price  positive ######
0 1 They had a car available to me even though i didn't have a reservation. The transaction went quickly and I got a mid-size vehicle for the same price as I would have with a reservation. Mark waited on me and he was really nice. The car was clean and fresh! Definitely would use Alamo again!

1 3 Rebel Auto is by far the best auto service shop in Henderson and Las Vegas! I've had my car serviced there probably a dozen times. Their prices are great, they have a free arcade to play in while you wait, and the customer service is amazing. I've recommended them to everyone I know, and will take every car I own to them, for as long as they are around. Thank you Lee and Rebel auto for being so helpful every time!!

1 4 Sales-Adora Fryant I have now bought or leased 6 cars from this dealership, all from Adora. My most recent experience was unplanned as my car was totaled in a rear end collision. The first thing Adora did when she heard was offer any assistance she could that was NON sales related. She was genuinely concerned for my well being as a friend which was highly appreciated. She knows her product and does the best job of getting to know you, the customer. There is never a sales pitch. She's honest and thorough and will work her tail off to get you the best price possible. Trust me as I have never been one to pay a penny more than I have to. Patience, integrity, and incredibly thorough answering any and all questions. Excellent follow up after the purchase.

1 6 I wish I could give 10 stars!!!  Scottsdale Auto Glass should be your go-to for all auto glass needs for three reasons:  1. They do excellent work at a reasonable price. 2. They are on time, professional, and thorough. 3. Seth!  He helped me more than 1.5 hours on the phone with the insurance company and insurance's glass claims company.  He made sure I got the insurance information I needed, the windshield replaced, and even followed up afterward to make sure all was done properly and I had everything I needed.  His level of service was waaaaay above and beyond.

1 2 The store is well organized and clean looking. The staff is always friendly. Some things aren't a better price when buying in bulk like this but if you stock up on the things that do go on sale then it's a really good deal.

1 3 In a word: Fabulous. I've been here a few times and have always gotten a good car wash. The folks who work here will answer, when appropriate, with 'Fabulous,' and yet it never feels forced. At first I sorta wanted to rolled me eyes, but this place is good. And their gas prices are competitive as far as I can tell. Finally, because it's Vegas, I had to just go inside to the snack shop building and yes, play Video Poker. A fine way to pass 20 minutes (and/or $20 if you're not careful).   When you see some attendants by the gas pumps, they are there to help you pump your gas. I didn't realize that at first. Only relied on them when I tripped up using my new Freddy's card, lol.   They have a number in this town, I'm pretty sure, but this Freddy's has shown me that they are pretty Fabulous.

1 31 There's nothing quite like driving in a shining clean car, on a beautiful sunny day!  My mom and I both had a great experience today at Waterway. Despite being very busy, their line moved quickly. Each employee we encountered was smiling, polite, and efficient. I also purchased window wiper fluid for a good price while inside and the guy wiping my car down at the end actually went under my hood, added it to my car for me, then put the remainder in my trunk for me.   My car was very clean..  and I left with a smile on my face!   The only downside is a regular wash is 15$ plus tip, maybe a few dollars more then it should be or needs to be. But, their staff and facility make it very worth it! I will be back!

1 4 Stop in here often! This location is always clean, friendly and has so much in stock. The great additional things are : they have a special Milkshake machine that's great for the kiddos. Soft drinks for .89 cents daily!! Get the Circle K membership card for even more savings & special deals. They just FINALLY added the chicken rollers that are really good!! They have about 5 different flavors offered here! Plus delicious hot dogs, Nacho's, snacks galore, munchies and so much more!! Gas prices are fair and they offer the Fry's discounts..

1 5 I came here to have my 05 mustang gt to get serviced, it was making a bit of a strange galloping propeller noise on the throttle. I went to another shop previously who had told me my car was running perfectly fine and that the noise was normal so after looking around, I decided on USA auto repair when I seen their reviews on yelp. Josh was very helpful and knew his stuff. It ended up being an exhaust leak as i suspected and josh and his team were able to confirm my suspicions and fix the issue. Their prices were very reasonable and they definitely prioritize you as a customer. I'm really glad I went to have some techs work on my vehicle that actually know what they're doing and take their work seriously and with pride. I'd definitely suggest here if you have any sort of repair issue on your vehicle.

1 43 Renee is amazing..very good customer service. No paper work to fill out. Friendly staff. I called on the phone yesterday and her and Alex told me no one would beat their price. They were right. I will be back. $9.99 oil change and $9.99 smog. If you need a synthetic oil change  $49.99.


1 6 Awesome check-in deal and not so pricey to begin with... the receptionist was nice, they had free wi-fi and actual current magazines besides like Motorcycle Monthly and WebMD that you usually find at other auto repair places. Big plus, they have tons of free stuff like water bottles, cookies, tea, ice cream, coffee, etc.

0 47 It's hard to review an auto dealership because there are three distinct parts; sales, service, and parts.  My review is ONLY about parts.  I haven't done any other business here, just a few parts trips.  They are pretty friendly and helpful, and stock is quite good.  Pricing of course is retail (very high), though there are some discounts to be had if you're a member of some of the Jeep clubs.

1 7 Great insurance company. My husband and I had our boat trailer stolen from Lake Mead Harbor. The insurance was very understanding and helped us replace our trailer quick. They even made sure the replacement was comparable to what we have and in all actuality we feel the new trailer works better. So easy to work with and to make our claim. They always take care of us and the price is perfect. Thank you for getting us back on the water.

1 8 Valvoline isn't the cheapest place to get your oil change however it is the best ! In and out within 20 minutes or less over the last 3 oil changes . Highly recommend

1 9 I needed a bumper replaced and was referred to USA Collision by my Kia dealership. Dave was a great guy to work with, and he had ordered my bumper and got it in faster then I ever imagined.  Price was more than reasonable. Great body shop. Will definitely use his services again.

1 10 4.5 stars! Came on a Tuesday afternoon and it only took 20 mins for a oil change and tire rotation. By mentioning Yelp, it was only $19.95 (with tax and labor)! Staff is very friendly and nice. This beats AAA auto shop which takes at least an hour, and $22 after taxes (3mo. waiting list).

0 21 It was that time of year again for registration and smog check.  I had received a coupon for $7 off the regular price. Saving money is always a good thing.    I pulled up as the attendant was finishing up another customer.  It didn't take very long.  My husband and I were getting ours done at the same time.  She was quick and efficient.    While we were waiting for our vehicles, many customers pulled up for service.  I'm assuming this location is always like this being located across from the DMV.  It's easy to find just in front of Qdoba.  Parking does get a bit hectic during the busy times.    Otherwise, once a year isn't so bad.  Plus if you can get a coupon it's better!

1 11 I am a fan.  However, I wish I did not have to sift to find the deals.  After all, they should beat any regular store, right?  Yes, but they don't.  Regardless, they do have some good deals.  If you have a child, this is the place to go for a birthday cake.  $18 for a half sheet cake.  INSANITY!  The pastries are great.  They have 3 lb. rotisserie chicken for $5.  Fabulous.  Their wine selection is pretty decent too.    One of the main reason I go there is for the dog food.  I feed my dog Iams.  The bags they have are 10 lbs bigger for the same price as any other store.  They sell furniture too.    The tire center and the optical centers are GREAT deals!  You can take your prescription in and get new lenses.  The tire center will out price ANY other place.  There is cheaper gas too.    Basically, for $55 they have good options and it is worth it.

1 12 I have been in here a few times to get the oil changed and the prices are always competitive - which I appreciate! Waiting room is small do if there are a few people waiting it can feel crowded.

1 13 Great place to get your windows tinted for summer. $90 for all 5 windows at legal 35%. $35 more for 5% or 20%. If u want to get your tail lights tinted then they will cut u a good deal for additional $100.   Quality of work is awesome and there is no real push for expensive tinting options. Owners are awesome.   5/5

1 14 I've finally found my car wash home. In the 10 years I've lived in Arizona, I've complained about the car washes - they won't stop hounding you with up-sells, it takes forever, they are a zoo, they are expensive, etc.   Road Runner Express is ahhh-mazing! I drove right up, paid a couple dollars on an easy to use machine that talks to you very nicely. I pulled forward and a man directed me to be sure my tire was in the right place. He gave me a little wet cloth to wipe the dash and an air freshener. The automatic wash took me through the process and then towards the end, as I was in the drying stage, off to my right was a sign to text roadrunner to get signed up for coupons. So, I texted for coupons while being dried (genius). Afterwards I turned the corner into an abundance of free vacuum cleaners.   I'll definitely be using my buy 4 get the 5th free card and may even sign up for monthly unlimited washes for $14.   woo hoo!

1 30 I'm a long time customer of Auto Bell.  Like most reviews, my experience is frequently hit/miss.  Their best deal is the $4 drive-thru only.  Most gas stations charge $6++.  I thought the 3rd St. location would be more adroit and particular since they service lots of high-end cars.  Nope.  Same ol' rush-as-fast-as-you-can to ring the register.  Maybe I'm too generous with 3-stars (and my money).  Time to shop around for consistent, thoughtful auto detailing that's affordable.

1 15 Easy car buying experience. Agreed on a price and drafted up the paperwork for easy car buying the next day. They did low ball my trade in so I private sold it for 5x as much.

1 16 i bring my altima here because they dont bs too much just do what you tell them and im in and out in about 30 min and also get a free car wash. For about $30 you dont have to deal with all the stupid stuff like at a jiffy lube when they try to act like they are true mechanics. also if you stay loyal here they give a $3 discount everytime you do your oil change here.

1 18 I stumbled upon this Midas by accident and I'm glad I did. Excellent prices on oil changes of all types and great customer service on top of that. Free WiFi  bottled water and coffee add to the experience. And on top of all that I've never had to wait long albeit the middle of the week. Trust the Midas Touch.

1 19 Located across from the Silverton Casino, and possibly one of the last exits before heading out of the Las Vegas area is this Chevron.  Prices are competitive, and they also offer a convenience store and service station.  Its easy access to hop back onto the 15 freeway back to California.

1 20 I usually wash my own car but when I'm lazy and need a nicer clean ride... This the spot to go to! Might be the best hand wash in town! $11.99 gets you shining!

1 21 These guys are great.  They are very clear on what needs to be done, and what can wait.  They are honest about their prices and are very willing to work with you to ensure that you are satisfied.    It is clear that Virginia Auto Service cares about their customers and wants to fix your car the right way.  They are serious about the work, and they let you know that.  In fact, they have a 24 month / 24,000 mile warranty to cover all of the work they completed in the shop.

1 23 This place is awesome, even though the majority of my bank account goes here. They always are friendly and fix things--sometimes for free. Discount Tires is inexpensive, and this location particularly, is very nice.

1 26 I took my Ford Expedition in for an alignment, they did a great job and were the lowest price I could find! Really happy with them!!

1 44 I had gotten different quotes from different Toyota dealerships around Phoenix area. Earnhardt gave the cheapest quote for a RAV4 LE. We also recommended our friends here. One paid with cash so the RAV4 LE most basic was 23.4K OUT THE DOOR (taxes, license registration already included in that price). Since I didn't have enough cash, I used the 0% interest  option and only pay $408 each month for a RAV4 LE with the accessory bar on top, just 24.5K. Although it did take sometimes to deal but the experience was better than in other dealerships so I give 5 stars. I bought two cars here (a Camry and a RAV4, both prices were just) and have recommended three friends. Oliver  was great

1 27 I found this shop when looking for a smog check coupon. They do it for $7.77, an amazingly low price given what other shops charge. Josh and his staff are super nice and friendly. It didn't take very long. There was a flood in their waiting room and they set a temporary area outside under a canopy with a swamp cooler. I will definitely use them again. I like local businesses that care if their customers come back.

1 45 This is one of the decent and convenient spots for me to gas up the car before returning back to Los Angeles, CA where gas is sold at about 50 cents more per gallon and even more when they switch over to the summer blend. I've never stopped inside the store to purchase anything, so my interaction has always been only with the gas pump. For those quick in and out, gas-only visits, this place has always been A-OK.

1 28 Came here for a VIP wash. Except they missed a few spots....  The only upside was that there was no wait time, and the prices are decent.

1 29 We got a wash, and our car was returned with the air-conditioning working - which hasn't worked in years! The car was spotless, and the price was pretty damn cheap for the job they did! They're always near a mall, so there's something to do while you wait. This is a definitely car wash to try!

1 30 Very nice selection of vehicles and decent prices in 2017. However on the trade, they offered low low low wholesale price for my vehicle. So if you want to trade stay away from Dan Angell the used car manager. He gives used car salesmen their good name...

1 31 I find it really hard to give Valle Verde Car Wash any less than 5 Stars.   Let's start with their prices. An exterior hand wash is only $8. The bargain really starts with their Deluxe at $20 and Super Deluxe at $40.  The Super Deluxe includes their hand wash, interior vacuumed, dash & console dressed, tires dressed, and windows cleaned in/out.  Valle Verde did a clean job, not a spot missed.  Interior was cleaned to perfection, not a crumb in sight.  Another huge plus is the 20% Yelp Check-In discount.  Jeez...all of this work on my car for only $16??  If you don't think that this is a deal, then try hand washing your car and dressing up your interior & tires in our 100 degree Vegas heat.  You get it?    Last but not least, I have to give props to the employees here.  I didn't deal with the owners, but dealt with Sal.  He was in charge and provided the best service, explained the rates, and gave me a good description of what each wash has to offer.  Carlos did most of the work and did

1 32 Awesome. As good as it gets. Called a few hours ago. Dennis shows up a couple hours later and fixes the window and it looks brand new! Very nice guy and very reasonable pricing!

1 34 These guys are great. I was able to get my jeep Cherokee in and out within a couple of hours. Price was reasonable for a cat back exhaust with a magnaflow muffler installed. My only gripe is they didn't have anymore stickers... My jeep could always use more stickers to hold it together and keep it from falling apart.

1 37 Fabulous Fred's or this place? This place ALL DAY!  I've been coming here for years. Sometimes they aren't the best but you get what you pay for. $40 wash n wax gets the job done.

1 38 He's tinted 4 cars for us over 4 years time - a BMW X3, a 740 BMW, a Mercedes SL500 & another SUV. I didn't know him before I hired him - I called because I saw his website on his car in our neighborhood. Awesome work, professional, right on time as promised every time, good price.

1 39 Friendly staff tire prices are good open 24 hours. Fixed my flat for me in a hurry. Been here multiple times and always a good experience

1 40 Best prices for tools that will prob break after using them a couple of times.  They do have tons of really cool gadgets.  I'm not sure what the deal is but it seems like their registers go down an awful lot.

1 41 Just bought a car from Enterprise. Not only was the process completely hassle free but the car was several $1000 dollars cheaper than the dealership. Sasha was amazing. Will definitely be back in the future!

1 42 What can you say?  You park your car, it's cheaper than the airport.  They deliver you to your airline, as they should, and then pick up every 2 minutes (or something ridiculously convenient like that) and deliver you back to your car.  Then, when you check out, they give you a bottle of water!

1 43 Awesome mechanics with great prices. Always leave here with a good feeling. I hate leaving a shop feeling like I am getting scammed and that doesn't happen here. Highly recommended!

1 44 They took in our car late in the day on a Friday and turned the repair and maintenance around in record time.  Nick was our tech on the vehicle and he was great.  Fair pricing for solid work. I would go back there in a heartbeat for any repairs or maintenance.

1 45 Prices are pretty reasonable and the carwash experience was pretty good at first.  However, the last time or two the carwash didn't really didn't clean my car as well as it did before.

1 46 Just moved here from IL and on the drive down noticed my car was shaking more when braking so I took my car into Ron's based on their yelp reviews and was glad I did. They were able to get me an appointment the day I called and the service was great.  I loved that they took the time to take me into the garage and actually show me what was wrong rather than just telling me about it. I know very little about cars but always love learning new things and it was educational. They took the time to answer my questions and made a point of telling me that other than my breaks the car was in great shape. I know some peoples fear with mechanics is they will tell you they found something else wrong and get you to spend more money. I didn't get the impression that they would ever do that. Again I don't know much about cars but the cost seemed reasonable to me. 640 for new rotors and break pads for all four tires for an Infiniti g35.

1 47 Ive done business with Tracy & Ni ck for over 20 yrs. These guys are the best! Fair prices great work

1 48 I am new to Vegas and I have taken my car here on two different occasions. The first time was to get an oil change, the second time to have my fuel pump replaced. Both times I could not have been more impressed. First off, they offered me a very good price for my oil change, and the fuel pump.   I had taken my car several places to try and figure out why my engine light was on and no where would give me a strait answer. When I took my car here they tested several possibilities before coming to the conclusion there was damage to my fuel pump.  They were very friendly and I felt like I was treated very fairly on the price. I would take my car here again in a heartbeat.   I would recommend this to anyone looking for a fair priced and friendly auto repair!

1 49 Really good hand washed service for a decent price. Definitely sign up for their reward card and get 5% back each time- it's like free money! I love how their outside area is covered so it's not as hot in the AZ heat and you can watch every minute of your wash. Usually car washes aren't very stocked with random car goodies (no one needs these anyways) but they seem to have them all!

1 50 COMPOSITE.  I use Sheetz for gas, not a food or convenience store.  I can was my car myself.  Prices on gas competitive.  Location excellent for me.  But, it is for me a gas service station.  Nothing wrong with that of course.  f8 and be there.

1 1 30 Very nice selection of vehicles and decent prices in 2017. However on the trade, they offered low low low wholesale price for my vehicle. So if you want to trade stay away from Dan Angell the used car manager. He gives used car salesmen their good name...

1 1 5 I came here to have my 05 mustang gt to get serviced, it was making a bit of a strange galloping propeller noise on the throttle. I went to another shop previously who had told me my car was running perfectly fine and that the noise was normal so after looking around, I decided on USA auto repair when I seen their reviews on yelp. Josh was very helpful and knew his stuff. It ended up being an exhaust leak as i suspected and josh and his team were able to confirm my suspicions and fix the issue. Their prices were very reasonable and they definitely prioritize you as a customer. I'm really glad I went to have some techs work on my vehicle that actually know what they're doing and take their work seriously and with pride. I'd definitely suggest here if you have any sort of repair issue on your vehicle.


 ###### Service  negative ######
0 1 I just came here with my friend who had to get his car checked for something really quick.  Pros: +Attendant was quick, responsive and nice.  +Wait was short (it was an easy task). +Waiting room is nice - complementary water, coffee/teas. Magazines and television for entertainment.  +There is free wifi.  Cons: - Waiting room is a little small (probably sits around 6-10). - I would like it more spacious and open.

1 2 This last year, I finally saved up for the down payment on a car. I needed one very badly, having been using a relative's vehicle for several months, but that they now needed back. I had planned ahead and done my research, and wanted a Ford CMax Hybrid. My work offered a discount/cash-back deal through Cars.com, so I submitted the request and my info was sent to Berge. My plan was to take advantage of the 4th of July weekend specials.  I was almost immediately sent an email from a salesman named Chris. He wanted to know what I was looking for in a vehicle. I replied right away with the details... But the only email address given was a generic one, nothing direct. There was no response. A few days later, he sent me another email, this time with a map to the dealership, but with no indication my reply was received. I replied back, asking for some quotes, but again got no response. I was anxious with the impending July 4th weekend, but held hope I could still make contact. I decided to ca

1 3 Probably one of the better experiences I've had in regards to purchasing a car.  Macon Wild, the rep. who assisted us at Enterprise, helped us get into a car better than we had ever expected to get.  In a nutshell, she made it as painless as possible, and we walked out extremely happy.     After my wife's car accident, I was dreading going through the process.  I don't like to feel pressured and obligated to buy from a sales person, especially in regards to something as big as a new car, and would rather bow out than give in.  However, Macon was awesome for us; she had an awesome personality, knew exactly what we wanted and didn't try to deviate from that into something else, and seemed to really help us and understand what we said we could afford when it came down to financing.     If I were to be completely honest, some of the others that had tried to help seemed to put the pressure on us when we were getting down to the nitty-gritty business of financing, and I almost backed out.  I

1 4 So Yelp took of my review over this Hyundai dealership earlier because its seems kind of personal. But my thing is, I think everyone should know what kind of person they are going to deal with here in their sales department.    They have bait and switch guy in the internet department, inexperience green peas salesperson and douche bag sales manager. If you are still going to this dealership to get your hyundai. Well, you have been warned. You can take of my review again Yelp if you think it doesnt fall within the guidelines again.

1 5 Ive used this dealership for years for parts I'm also in the auto repair business and the guys in parts are awesome Rob and Brian are the best! The wait times on the phones are getting ridiculous and I've been going over just to order parts at the counter and these guys are short staffed.   I want to continue to use this dealership but when I'm waiting for 20 minutes I'm done!   Henderson Chevy you need to get more staff to handle the call volume! This is a daily problem when using your company.   I would have given 1 star but Rob and Brian deserve better!

1 6 came in to do a smog since the regular place I go to is closed on Sundays. Was told that there will be 2cars a head of me so I decided to wait. Next thing it was 2more cars ahead of me. Yeah probably will never come back. No customer service at all. Not to mention that it took one of the guys litterraly 5mins to do an oil change. Hmmmmmm??

0 10 This is an easy review to write; These guys are pro's.  After some clumsiness at finding which service rep would check me in, I met Don Pagel, who is the foundation of the repair department.  I needed some repairs done on my Silverado diesel, and gave Don a comprehensive list. He called the next morning with the list broken down bit by bit.   When I explained I'd hoped to have the truck back in 3 days, he expressed that while he could probably do it, it wouldn't be as thorough as he'd like and would I accept the offer of a rental car at their expense, so they could do a thorough and clean job.   They gave me a rental car, Eli was terrific to deal with.   Throughout the next four days, Don emailed me each day with progress, and overall sharing that they were on-schedule. This guy is a complete pro from start to finish.  On pickup, he made the rental return as easy as "didja scratch it?", a quick walkaround, check of the fuel, and gave me the keys to my truck.   My truck had been washed 

0 11 I got a rock chip in my windshield and knew my AAA insurance would sent me to Safelite. So mid-morning in the middle of a week, I dropped in at this location.   The receptionist is fast and friendly. She had a tech check the damage and confirm it could be fixed. Before I realized he had even seen my car, he was in the lobby explaining the damage, the fix, and the guarantee.   I called the insurance company, got the ok, and within five minutes they were fixing the chip. My wait was short and not unpleasant. The waiting room was clean and comfortable; it's a better place to wait than my doctor offers.   The fix was done well. I would definitely recommend this location, and I'll come back.

0 7 I came here with a friend around 1:45 on a Thursday and we were in and out in less than 45 minutes. Line at the entrance went really quick. Our number was G595 and it was at G565 when we got there. We just passed the time on our phones and I would glance up at the TV from time to time. Something about eating lion fish? I don't know. Clean location. Security guard told an old lady she wasn't allowed to vape inside the premises.

1 8 Collision center repair guy gave me all sorts of reason why I got a crappy job, my car was old?! That doesn't cut it. Then to try to some things over the collusion manager said he was sending Ricks Detail service to clean up the vehicle after how it was left after work they did. Rick detail didn't come out it was another company, so I was lied to again. These ppl do nothing but deceive people

1 9 After days of visiting several car dealerships we stopped by Henry Brown, looking for a very specific car. We had a few setbacks at first- upon arriving they couldn't find the vehicle from their website. We came back the next day after getting a call that it was located to find they had detailed the wrong vehicle, and the keys to the one we wanted to see were MIA. We went inside while they searched for keys and the kids played in their toy room. We immediately were approached by their outside consultant who was there from out of state, simply to make sure customers were happy and she wanted to know what could be done to improve customer service. We ended up discussing another option we hadn't thought of, a lease, on a brand new 2015 model. We decided to take it for a test drive and BOOM. Found our car. Financing took less than half an hour and we drove home in our new ride. Getting ready to trade it in next spring and I'll never go anywhere else.

1 10 I am taking a trip to California tomorrow and was in need of a thorough car wash. I just left this location and I honestly should have just done it myself, or drove a little further to another car wash. Tried to use $3 off on Yelp but the cashier forgot to honor it even tho I showed her the coupon prior to paying. She did give me extra air freshner but do I really need 3 of them? Paid $34 for handwash + $10 tip. After I left I realized that the rugs were barely vacuumed, the exterior had water stains. This is the worst car wash I have ever been to. Been trying to call but nobody is picking up the phone. This is the last time I will be visiting this god awful place.

0 15 Why wait around too long if it's so easy making an appointment online?  Doing some helps you plan out your day better.

0 4 I'm mean as far as smog checks go, this went great.   I called ahead to inquire about the cost. He answered right away, I think he said 24--but they accept most competitors coupons if they're printed out.   We showed up, it's next to quidoba, right across the street from DMV...very convenient. I was in and out within 15mins. But my car is 2 years old, so no smog problems here.

1 6 Spent weeks working with Jason O. First I was told he would locate a vehicle for me and getting financing will be no problem. Then I find a vehicle and again they will get the financing and see what kind of payment we can get for your credit no problem. Then I get a phone call saying they want $7000 when I had a trade in. What? My husband and I are both extremely upset and will never do business with these people. This is a perfect example of car salesman that just want to get You in and then run and mess with your credit. Shameful!

17 I see all the 5 star reviews and wonder "Why?" If they're going to make me wait an hour and a half for an oil change (with an appointment), at least have comfortable seating and decent wifi. Maybe they treat you better when you don't have a discount card. Will not return but I'm sure they couldn't care less.

1 11 Dash pass Check in ahead of time not working.  Had to wait 30 minutes in info line to get number in the system and was quoted a 2 hour wait time.  Left and came back at 2 hours and still waited another hour.  I can't believe dmvs are still this bad.  Almost 4 hours of a day wasted on something that took the barely pleasant dmv employee about 10 minutes to process.  The DMV needs to get it together and figure out a way to be efficient and stop wasting people's time. 

1 8 Iv been coming to this location for 7yrs. Iv always asked to vacuum out my own car since the guys are in such a hurry they tend to miss shit. Today I was told I can't vacuum my own car. Why not? The excuse was is against insurance policy. That's a bunch of bull... iv always done it. Then was told its because the owners were here so which is it? After coming on to yelp to see the low reviews of other ppl. Think it's time to find another car wash place.

1 13 After constantly putting air in my tires EVERY morning for 2 weeks I finally decided to take care of it.  I have always had my husband deal with everything that involves the word CAR.  I went online to look up the closest location and found one 5 minutes away from me and I was able to make an appointment online.  Got to Discount Tire about 10 minutes early was seen quickly. They took my car back and told me it would be about 45 minutes.  I am sure glad I made an appointment, a lady came in and asked how long she would be there and she was told an hour and a half.  My name was called 20 minutes into my arrival.  Was told there was a nail in my tire and they fixed it...FOR FREE!  They didn't try to sell me on new tires or protection plans, nothing!. Gave me my keys and I was on my way. I highly recommend getting an appointment so you don't have to wait long.

1 14 The selection is minimal, the sales staff was not immediately available.  Overall presentation of the VW brand could be better.

1 15 I purchased a car here in December of 2012.  I, constantly, am harassed by phone and email to trade this car in.  Last summer I asked to be taken off lists as I had traded the car in for a Honda from another dealership.  Nope.  Not taken off the lists.  I ask to be removed from emails and will get a confirmation.  Nope.  Still not taken off the lists.  Every time I explain to the sales person calling me that I am not interested, that I won't be buying a new car for a very long time and that I don't even have the Nissan anymore, they act like they are "so sorry" and "i'll mark down that information."  That obviously isn't happening.  Are these spiteful calls?  Have I wronged this company for buying a car from a competitor?  Why am I being lied to and harassed?  Because that's what it is.  I have seriously contemplated changing my phone number because I can't stand the thought of receiving another phone call.  The last one I received was at 12:47 pm today.  ***I would seriously think twi

1 16 We have been coming here for years and consistently have a great experience.  We cheated on them once and went to a local shop, had a tire defect cause a blowout, and local shop did nothing about it.  Also found out they (the other shop) had used a cheap plug on another one of the tires that blew out on the freeway causing a flat tire.  Since then, we have not gone anywhere else.  Most recently, I took my son's minibike wheel in for a new air stem as the old one rotted off from age.  Rep put his gloves on, took it back to the shop, put the new stem on, and brought it back.  Less than 5 minutes and didn't even charge me.  Just said, "consider us when you need tires".  This represents my experience here over the last 10 years.    I would say specific to this location, the only downside is how busy they sometimes are...I've gone to the location on Gilbert and Baseline before simply because this shop was so backed up.

0 10 This is the only way to do the airport. Okay, maybe I should rephrase this. Unless you can guilt a friend or loved one into driving you, this is the only way. Also you must know, I am now singing to myself "this is how we airport" in the tune of Montell Jordan as I write this.  I get a lot of anxiety going to the airport. It has zero to do with flying. Should I Uber? Call a cab? Drive and park in daily? Every time I attempt the long term lot, I can't find my car. It turns into what feels like a never-ending real-life Hunger Games to locate it, and I don't even get to become besties with Lenny Kravitz. Like how I found a way to work Montell and Lenny into an airport parking review? I deserve 5 stars.  My fellow North Carolina angel Holly B is the one who introduced me to this. You check-in at the gate and then a driver follows you to your parking spot. I pulled into one by a giant puddle. I got out and the driver said, "let's find you a better spot so your feet don't get wet." Lifesaver

1 17 Absolutely horrible... I recommend going elsewhere. You'll save time, money and unwanted stress. Long story short they "bought" our trade in and were supposed to pay off our loan but here we are 10+ days later and they still haven't. We received a call yesterday from our old lender and they still haven't received the pay off. So now we're stuck paying that payment just a few days before Christmas..... I wouldn't even give them 1 star if I had the choice. Also, the day we purchased our new car our salesman didn't even stay with us when we signed our paperwork... he went home once he knew he sealed the deal. Poor customer service.

1 11 DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!!  Where is the gd 0 star rating Yelp...this place used to be Danny's Family Car Wash. I don't know if Jacksons is owned by Danny's or if it's a completely separate business, but they sure act like the old Danny's. Danny's was AWFUL, always trying to upsell you on crap you didn't need, at least at the time they said you needed it. Everything always seemed to be on the brink of collapse when you took your car to Danny's. I finally saw that it was a new place and decided to try it out for a quick and basic oil change + whatever free car wash came with that. As soon as I pull in, they try to get me to upgrade to a paid car wash on top of my oil change. When I decline, the girl calls over a third guy, who pops my hood, points to some arbitrary crap and tells me that he HAS to use synthetic oil or otherwise the regular oil change will void my warranty. When I told him to just use regular oil, he actually told me that he was NOT ABLE to do a regular oil change

1 18 Worst experience at a DMV location and that's saying a lot as I just moved from California. Went here to transfer registration and licenses. Did my research. Prepped my forms.  1. I had to wait an hour and a half in line just to get a number to wait.  2. Once I got at the counter for my number, the employee was so condescending I nearly lost it. They require a birth certificate in addition to your out of state drivers license, Social Security card identification order to apply for a Nevada drivers license. When I explained that I didn't have a copy of my birth certificate, he said "well your wife has hers, why don't you have yours?" It just went downhill from there.  3. The whole ID process is crazy.  Thanks DMV. I had fallen in love with Nevada until today.

1 19 My original post was on 6/8. Friday, 7/2, i get a call from Pinnacle. the guy says, "I called about your visit and your service report. Looks like you have an oil leak and some engine work that needs to be done." and when I asked about further info he tells me he's not in the service dept do didn't have all the info. WHAT? Maybe if you call a customer talking of car problems you should know what's up rather than just trying to get them back in.  I'm thinking, "Oil Leak?" - "Engine Work?" - Could be possible major things (since I told them I was going on a road trip), how come I wasn't told when i had the car in for the oil change? Why wait almost a month to call a customer and tell them something like this? You took time to wash it - maybe give me the report.  Just another example of either poor follow through or... a scam? Since my car runs great, good mileage, AND my garage shows no sign of any oil leak. I'm a simple guy, I run on facts, logic, reason and appreciate good and TIMELY s

1 20 I will never go back to the DMV unless I have to. The DMV has a text messaging service that will text you on your cell phone to tell you how long and how many people are head of you. With this service you are able to leave and know exactly how much time you have. I had to wait 4 hours to be get service. Try to accomplish what you need from the DMV online.

1 22 Needed a wash in this part of town, was wary of the bad reviews here. I asked for an exterior wash. He asked if I wanted wheels and tires. I said yes. It was $5. The waiting room has a really nice fish tank. I took a star off because no one told me when the car was finished. But the car looked great. I'd go again.

1 23 Now I understand why there are so many negative reviews.   I came here today to get my discounted car wash and it might just be the worst car wash I've ever had.  My rear and front windows had smudges all my over and they didn't properly clean the console area.  The Armorall on the dash board was only half way distributed, which means when I get home I'll have to wipe it down evenly with a rag.  In all honesty I'll most likely not come back and start looking for another oil change/car wash place.  This joint needs to get their act together. I don't recommend this place at all.

1 24 Why do I keep returning to this awful place?  Convenience, I suppose, but never again.  I received big-time attitude from multiple "fabulous" employees when I pulled up at 7:29 a.m. to get my car washed.  They all said I should just sit tight as the car wash doesn't actually open for 10 more minutes.  What???  I even showed them the time on my phone, to no avail.  To make things even more exciting, none of the "fabulous" employees could get the car wash started.  After waiting and waiting and waiting, I told them I needed to get to work.  So, they thought it wise to spray off just a few parts of my car, leaving it a smeared disaster.  I'm glad I waited a week to post this review, as I have finally simmered down just a tad.

1 25 I got my car washed here two days ago and everything was good they offered me a receipt with a rain check policy for 3 days and the guy even said it was going to rain that night so I was happy that I had a rain check so today I went to use the rain check and they have suddenly changed their policy on how they do it and now all you get is the self serve car wash where you would pay $3 somewhere else and have to dry and do all the detail yourself. Kind of a lousy rain check policy if you ask me. Was planning on buying a drink and a snack in the lobby but since I didn't even get out of my vehicle they lost the profit on that I won't be getting my car washed here again

0 29 Not the way I wanted to start my Friday Morning, A nail stuck in my tire, of coarse it had to happen on a day where my funds are low. I called discount tire and Mike Helped me. He checked to see if they had a used tire for my car and they did 50 bucks with tax and installation. can't beat that. I was in and out in less than 20 minutes. the staff was very courteous and polite. Thank you Discount tire for all your help! I will be back for my tire needs!!

1 26 This review does have a happy ending...really.  Last Monday I decided I needed new tires for my car. After a little online shopping I decided on Discount Tire and gave them a call. Since I was heading out of town Tuesday and Wednesday I made an appointment for Thursday at 8:00 AM.  I arrived about 40 minutes late, but had called ahead to let them know and when they checked me in they said it wasn't a problem. After asking for the car to be done by noon and being assured it would be ready I was on my way back to the office.  12:30 PM comes and I gave the store a call to confirm the car was ready and was told it was all set. I had one of my friends come and give me a ride to Discount Tire.   I usually don't check the work, but today something struck me to take a look at the car before I went inside. Low and behold the car hadn't moved since I dropped it off in the morning. I went inside and stood in line and when I was finally waited on I brought the situation to their attention.   Unfor

1 28 If the owner or management read these reviews, I am telling you that you need to review the practices in your service bay. I waited 30 minutes to check in my car after I called ahead for an appointment. I got a call to come pick up my truck and I have now been here for close to an hour to pick it up. While I was waiting, a woman pulled in that had just had her car serviced and her tire was not put back on properly... Literally it was missing lug nuts. The staff members were laughing about her situation when I think they should have been mortified. The service specialist that helped me was nice, but not nice enough to deal with 90 minutes of waiting.  You have 10 employees there... Figure out a way to take care of the customers.

1 29 It's been so long since I have been to this DMV. It was hell before when I took my test and drivers license it was really bad and unorganized. Hell I went and took my test at Henderson instead because of how unorganized it was. Now coming here again it's changed I'm not gonna say anything but it's a big change instead of giving us a ticket to wait numbers and wait 3 hours sitting hearing babies cry,people argue. Now it's faster. I like it. Thanks for changing this place it was a hell of a place before now you guys are stepping up.

1 30 So if you hate pumping your own gas they have staff to handle it. I love getting gas here on rainy days.

1 31 Poor salesmanship,  deceptive during trade-in and purchase transactions,  unorganized during communication of sales transaction. They lied about repairs that were supposedly "fixed" but confirmed with another dealership and trusted mechanic that said repairs weren't executed. Sad.

1 32 I purchased a bad starter out of the box installed it. Came back. Had it tested in car. Took it out to run on a machine meant for the heavy duty testing. Confirmed it was bad and Juan had the man power to get me a working new one in under 30 mins while I waited in the store. I liked how his employees tried and suggested what to do and it got done. Car is starting! Thanks Juan and fellow employees you guys deserve recognition!

0 38 So I went back again today at 8:30am. Got the Freddy Special, and when he asked about the dressing for the dash and console and doors, etc, I said yes but last time it was pretty obvious that they just did a quick swipe over the glove box and that was it and he made sure they would look over it. Sooo I just recently bought a used car about a month ago and she definitely needed some love. Annnnd she is due for an inspection today and I'm hoping they don't look too close. This time, I have pictures. I guess it's time to find a new car wash place.    I would however like to say that all of the employees there are extremely friendly, which makes it hard to have to be negative about the job they do.

1 33 Not good.  Supreme wash.  Asked for new car air freshener and got none.  They asked what we got after calling us over and said they couldnt find our ticket.  It was in the cup holder. Not enough people drying cars for how busy they were.  Took about 30 min.

1 34 My car had been neglected for years.  Knowing that I needed to replace my engine mounts, I have had several places look at my car and always gave me an outrageous quote.  Never wanting to spend that much for my car it went untreated for years.  So when I finally decided enough is enough I started looking for places to have my car get a once over.  I came across Kinkade's auto shop and stopped my search.  TJ took the time to listen to what I thought was wrong and also explained that they provided a free diagnostic without having to agree to repairs if I didn't want any.  A very nice no pressure approach that was very refreshing.  I decided to take my car in on my lunch break. And was pleasantly surprised that they offered a free shuttle service.  Before the end of the day TJ was able to call and tell me what needed done now, what was recommended soon and what could be put off for some time.  I had originally planned on taking my car for a second opinion but after discussing it with TJ I

1 35 I'm guessing that this is the basic business model for a car wash in the area is this:  1. Find the best sales person you can that could literally sell ice to an eskimo and put them at the front where the clients come in. 2. Promise the world when it comes to upgrading the wash. 3. Agree with anything the client wants to when it comes to what they want and just get them to pay.  The rest is really a crap shoot. Today, I took in my truck in and explicitly asked for nothing with gloss to be put on the dash as it blinds me for several days until the effect wears off. Additionally, the stuff they use soaks into the speaker grills and looks terrible once its baked in. I made myself exceptionally clear and they went ahead and put on the high gloss stuff. OK. I can handle it. The issue was that it was put on in a way that about 70% of the dash was covered with glops of the substance they used to clean it. I showed it to them, she went back in and it didn't look any different when it was done.

1 36 I'm on the fence about this place...first off, ti's the only Land Rover dealer in Vegas, which means they don't have to compete with anyone.  (Believe me, in the car buying process, you want the dealerships to have a little competition.)  I've been working with Rex, who has been helpful, but the negotiation process is not as expected.  Rex explained to us that they simply do not go below MSRP.  I found this very odd, so I started doing a little research.  TrueCar (who uses real data points from actual car purchases) shows that Land Rover sales nationwide are often below MSRP.  Furthermore, I called a few dealership in So Cal and they assured me that there is definitely room to negotiate.   Before sharing this information, I talked to my sales guy and told him I really needed him to work with me...he "had to call his manager at home" to get me the discount, and told me that this is the best deal he's seen on this model of car.    Fine.  It is still not an impressive deal.    I spent a h

1 16 The cashier is rude and slow time to get a new oneThe place is so packed just goes to show that Hyundais are not a good car when your show room is full of people getting warranty repairs I must've stood at the cashier for 15 minutes with only two people in front of me and I swear the Service advisor must've tried to sell 30 cabin air filters and engine air filters to almost every customerI heard them talking to. How could every customer's car need a cabin air filter and engine air filter . I just another way Henderson Hyundai try to screw their customers and get their money one lady they told $236 for cabin filter and air filter. You can buy these parts at AutoZone for less and $50 and it would take any dumbass person maybe like 15 minutes to put it in the car

1 37 things just get worse! I call to schedule an appointment for my lifetime oil change and get told that they recently changed their policies in regards to the lifetime program. that they can only do these oil changes from 3pm to 6pm Monday thru Friday and all day Saturday. now here is the problem I work nights all those days so how am I supposed to take advantage of a promised incentive? I was told that there was too much stress on their service department because of this program and that is why they now have restricted the hours... I asked if I could go to another dealership for my free oil changes and was told no. so thank you Henderson Hyundai for screwing me out of my free service because now I have to look elsewhere for my oil changes and pay out of pocket for something I was promised when I bought my car. I will never buy another car from your dealership you have officially lost my business.

0 18 Maybe my California WalMarts have spoiled me, but this one just seemed old. It was outdated, kind of dirty, and just...old! It definitely needed a facelift. But considering I was just visiting and it was convenient, I can't complain too much. But a facelift wouldn't hurt!

0 38 My boyfriends second favorite place to go, cheep tools abound, so as long as you don't need them for commercial purpose, this is the place to go. Plan on standing in line at the cashier for ever , that part suxs.

1 39 This place has horrible customer service. I walked into the service center and stood there in front of the people's desk like a bump on a log for 5 minutes before anyone acknowledged me. Then when they did they said someone will be with you. By then another customer came up and walked past me and strait to a guy at a desk and started talking to him. So I'm standing there thinking "what the heck?" I'm a big dude and there is no way they didn't notice me there. So the person who told me someone would be with me asked how she could help. I said I needed parts. So she showed me where the parts desk was at. I walk up to the desk and there is a sign that says ring bell for parts. So I press the button but I don't hear anything. I wasn't sure if it rang in the back where I couldn't hear it and if it did I didn't want to make the guys in the back annoyed by pressing the button to much. So I wait about 3 min and then let my son press the button since he was begging me to. Again, no sound. So I'

1 40 Showed up here in the late afternoon, was pretty excited this car wash could handle lifted trucks.  I pulled up behind a mustang where the sales/ticket writer was messing around with someone in that car, then they put the car in reverse almost attempting to hit me, then sat there for a while.  Another worker told me to pull to the other lane then walked away so I drove off.  Wouldn't let the boy with the pony tail who was horsing around or anyone from that place handle my new vehicle, very unprofessional.

1 42 I came in to replace my back 2 tires and my spare. Bad news and good news. My front tires could not be balanced because they had bubbles on them. I agreed that they were old and needed replacing. They would not do the work for me without replacing all 4 tires (safety/liability concerns.) The good news was: they worked out an arrangement to lay-away my front two tires, replace all 5 (with the spare) and allow me to drive off on the unpaid front tires. They trusted me to pay them at my convenience without collateral (or financing.) I really appreciated their trust and all parties benefited. I have my new tires and as of this posting, I have returned to pay a hundred dollars toward my balance.

1 43 From parking lot, back to car, 45 minutes to register my new car.  Bad is it's far from home.  Main lot is small but smaller lot across the way.  Definitely worth going to avoid the DMV on Flamingo

1 44 I'm always happy with my car when they are done but you better have patience! I've been here 25 minutes and they are just now getting to the interior! Oh and practice smiling and saying "No Thank You!" 10 times before you get here so it rolls off your tongue during the up-sell.  That being said I'm always happy with their work on my car. They do a great job, I always have a super clean car and they will go back fix anything you aren't happy with. Just know it will take 45 minutes - 1.5 hours on the weekend to get your car clean.

1 45 Always a challenge to park here. What is the secret?  I still haven't figured it out. I usually check availability online to give me an idea of where to park and I just pay the extra to park in covered parking as there seems to be more parking available .  Always a challenge on Friday afternoons, so try to get there early so you do t miss your flight. Catching the tram is a piece of cake!  But please let the passengers out first before getting on the tram...

1 46 Dam these guys freaked suck they got 3 people working  shit I know it might be slow but that's whats going to happen when it gets busy is for to I'm sorry this suck ass  there's only 3 cars and The dam car is dry before they get to drying it.   Wish they would get some more people, I understand it's slow season. But why let people who come in suffer

0 47 So far so good, the wash tunnel was down, the attendant was very cordial and explained what was happening, it would take a hour to get my car washed. I will wait till later, stay tuned.

1 48 Over the last decade, we've had only a few problems with our Lexus cars.  And, now for the rest of the story...  About eight years ago I was driving our five year old RX-300 from Seattle to Chicago, so one of our kids could use it at college.  We were outside of Bismarck, ND when all the lights on the dash lit up warning us that the car was about to fail.  The nearest dealership at that time was in St Paul, MN.  Yeah, I know LOL.  So after calling Lexus for advice, off we drove very nervously to MN.  We arrived safely around 5pm and waited nearly three hours for them to look at the car.  It was confirmed that the RX had some sort of unknown oil sludge build-up in the engine and that the engined needed to be replaced!  Replaced? Eesch!  We were asked various questions on where we had our service work done.  After verifing that we had all of our work done at the dealership in WA state, they offered us a Loaner.  Ummm I said, we're driving on to Chicago.  Not to worry, they would flatbed 

1 49 Berge Ford is a grand place.   I purchased my car from Berge and also get it serviced occasionally here as well.  My sales person who isn't there anymore(Blake) was mediocre at best and I've seen that he has posted negative reviews on their Facebook which is so childish! I wish I would have purchased from someone else but I guess I'm happy with my car (2013 Ford Fusion Hybrid) so who cares, right?  I think the service department has been my favorite and I hope that they keep it up! I typically work with Sergio Diaz and he is always a pleasure. He's super friendly and when you talk to him, he treats you like a friend.   I called all of the other Ford dealerships in the area and asked if they were able to get me in and out with my car and all of them said that they were not available to get me in and out. With a job, and a life, I cannot spend multiple days dealing with my car. I called Chapman, Bell, then Berge and they came through telling me that it wouldn't be a problem at all to get

1 50 I purchased a Groupon for 3 car washes here. I've been there twice so far. Both times the results were far less than satisfactory. Both times I went the place was not busy, yet my car sat at the vacuums for 10 minutes before someone finally drove it to the wash (which wasn't even running). The one person wiping it down (between his conversations with another employee) did a crappy job and missed several areas. The second time I went, the windows were so streaked when he was done that as soon as the afternoon sun hit, I could barely see out the windshield. Had to go home and wash the windows again. I'm not looking forward to using the last coupon from the Groupon.

0 26 Great store, but I'm only giving out a 3 here because... Well, I question the quality of some of their products. This is a great store for bargains, and 99% of the stuff I've bought here has been just fine: neon colored extension cords, heat gun, power strips, chisels, sanders, etc. etc. Great place for inexpensive tools. However, 3 times I've purchased a product (an on/off electrical pedal), and had to return 3 of the 5, exchanged them for new ones. No hassle, had the receipt each time, but its still a pain in the ass to drive from N Scottsdale over there to return an item. 3 stars is all you're gettin' from me, Pal! :)

0 27 I have to give Rebel an update due to our latest experiences with them. Our truck was making squeaking noises so we took it in to get new brakes. They checked it ($70 diagnostic fee) and said the brakes were fine and sent us on our way. Wow, an honest mechanic! Amazing! I gave a glowing yelp review and recommended them to friends. Not even a week later the truck develops a horrible sound when braking. We just got it checked so we thought maybe something was loose and we almost put off getting it checked for awhile. We quickly changed our mind when it got so bad that we knew something was wrong. Took it to another place and they showed us that our back brakes were literally metal to metal. Had to spend $500 in brakes and rotors and put our children in danger driving with a truck that had NO back brakes. We then, as bad luck would have it, we discover a loss of power when accelerating about a month or so later. Against our better judgment we take it back to Rebel. They do a diagnostic an

0 33 I'm so glad I found an honest and inexpensive place I can take my car to I took my car in for an oil change and a transmission drain +refill, and they finished the job within a couple of minutes. There was absolutely no waiting time because the mechanic was so quick and efficient. Not just that, they rotated my tires and checked my tire pressure for free. My car runs better than it's ever run before now. This place is the only place I will bring my car from now on.  The tricky thing about this place is that it is located behind a few restaurants, so it's a little hard to find.

0 35 Purchased a car here.  Something was wrong with it mechanically within one week. Took it back, they tried a quick fix -  Did not fix it.  Had to  trade for another car.  Or pay $200 for the return according to policy.  Then the salesperson said I could only do that one time .  I said one time ?  Your the one selling me a broken car !!!!!    These cars are supposed to be certified, so they say.   I really don't think they are.   The replacement car I purchased had broken windshield wiper blades.  That's basic.    I can go on and on about how the mileage was different than advertised or how the seat was supposed to be electronic like the description on there web page but was actually a manual seat. They are just trying to move used cars.  Nothing of great quality.  Just ok.  Oh god just found out part of the spare tire jack set is missing. !  I guess this is on me.   But again it shows you that these cars are NOT inspected !  Please, save me your corporate bullshit apology Miss Carol fro

0 17 Discount was great! I had ordered 2 tires and put down deposit but never got in there to get them installed.  However finally when I had some time went in there months later when I had time to kill and they still had me on file.  I told them I didn't want to drop a lot on tires, and the guy stated that the tires I had ordered weren't ideal for Arizona driving and suggested a newer brand that were on special made by Firestone that saved me $30.  Never have I seen a place down sell me on tires.  Not only that I didn't have an appointment, they fit me in 1 hour and also gave me a credit to get a free bolt put on since the thread was messed up from a Discount Tire back in Atlanta.  These guys were great and honest and I'd highly recommend them.

0 40 ugh.  always crowded....but they have the only smog waiver station in Vegas.

0 46 Steer clear of the service department, they will tell you about 20 things are wrong with your car and try to get you to believe in taking out a second mortgage to cover the costs. Typical dealer style just trying to hustle people and prey on the weak. Plenty of honest mechanics out there so get a second opinion if they tell you something's wrong.

1 1 32 I purchased a bad starter out of the box installed it. Came back. Had it tested in car. Took it out to run on a machine meant for the heavy duty testing. Confirmed it was bad and Juan had the man power to get me a working new one in under 30 mins while I waited in the store. I liked how his employees tried and suggested what to do and it got done. Car is starting! Thanks Juan and fellow employees you guys deserve recognition!

1 1 5 Ive used this dealership for years for parts I'm also in the auto repair business and the guys in parts are awesome Rob and Brian are the best! The wait times on the phones are getting ridiculous and I've been going over just to order parts at the counter and these guys are short staffed.   I want to continue to use this dealership but when I'm waiting for 20 minutes I'm done!   Henderson Chevy you need to get more staff to handle the call volume! This is a daily problem when using your company.   I would have given 1 star but Rob and Brian deserve better!


 ###### Service  positive ######
1 2 I have known USA Collision for the past decade or so. They have always been consistent, and consistently excellent in their workmanship and long lasting results in quality.  I would say body shop work is one of those things in life that last as long as you own your vehicle. To put it into perspective, from the time you get your car back after the repairs are done from an accident, and until you either sell or trade in your car, you'll know with certainty if the work was not done right.  If the repairs were performed at USA Collision, I know with certainty that I will never know from looking at the vehicle, that, it was in a collision.  Well done, guys!

1 5 We've been taking our Porsche Cayenne there for service since we purchased it in 2011. Dan Sheridan is our Service Advisor and has been the best Service Advisor we've ever had. He's always so helpful and goes above and beyond. Recently our car was hit from behind and had to have the bumper replaced and the lift gait re painted. The body/paint department did a good job but after taking it home I realized there was clear coat overspray all over the back window. When I took it back, Dan and I noticed it was all over the car. They had my car for another 3 days. When I picked it up, there was still clear coat overspray on the drivers side mirror. Dan made sure it was taken care of right away and apologized profusely (not that it was his fault at all). I spoke with the Supervisor for body work and he couldn't even believe it got through quality control the way it was, twice. He offered me a free detail which were taking them up on. I probably wouldn't use their body shop again but will alway

1 7 Excellent service.  Had a concern with the products i purchased, but the manager took ownership and helped me get everything straightened out.   Friendly staff.

1 8 Great service and very nice people working there. They don't charge you for what you don't need and they're fast. I definitely will be back. My only complaint is whoever worked on my vehicle left oil on the passenger seat and my whole steering wheel when I got a cloth to wipe it down was BLACK. Thank goodness I wasn't wearing anything white because my clothing would have been covered in black oil and dirt.

1 9 I scheduled my 2008 Malibu in for a recall notice I had received back in December 2012. The letter said schedule an appointment after january, so I waited for June.Henderson Chevrolet had just gone through a major facelift and took about a minute to get use to. So I found Larry and Ray, both service advisors I have had an opportunity to trust in years past. I left my car and visited Tom the service manager and then I strolled through the showroom and said hello the Greg in passing as I made my way to the parts counter. I decided to purchase new wiper blades for my Malibu since they only last two months in Las Vegas heat. I asked Larry to toss them in the backseat so I wouldn't have to call them around with me. By 9:30 am , the technician "jasperson", was parking my car in the pick up area. I picked up my receipt and keys and went to my car, and the wiper blades were already installed on my car and the windshield was cleaned. A very nice touch for a warranty ticket. Good service overall

1 12 I know right, who give the DMV 5 stars?  Well from the get go things were great.  (THIS IS ALL DEPENDING ON IF YOU MAKE AN APPOINTMENT)  So I made an appointment @845am and made it there at 830am.  Once you walk in there are lines for the appointments and lines for the information booth.  MAKE AN APPOINTMENT UNLESS YOU WANT TO WAIT HOURS.  The line for the appointments they call your times and then you just walk up to the booth.  The lady htat helped me was sweet and told me ways to save on fees.    After the initial booth I waited about 10-15 minutes then I got to window 18 and the woman there at the time was a saint.  She helped me save $150 in fees and helped me change the address on my license and put the veteran status on there.  I was with her for a good 20-30 minutes and she was very informative and nice.  I wish i would have got her name.  I think if you are respectful and have everything you need this will be painless if you are prepared.

1 13 I read the reviews on yelp and was a bit worried going into the car wash. To my surprise these guys did great! The lady who did the ticket writing was very helpful. The cashier who asked for the next fabulous customer was fun and very nice. To top it off my car was clean. Now you should know I am anal when it comes to how clean my car is. I am so anal I usually wash it myself because I've found very few car washes that know how to wash a car. They did a great job. They get 5 stars from me.

1 1 My favorite place to get a wash-- quick, convenient & cheap!!! What's better than that?!

1 14 For four years I have enjoyed my Audi A7 that was supplied from the Findlay Auto group via Audi Henderson so when I decided I needed a larger vehicle it was an easy choice to check out Findlay owned Land Rover of Las Vegas.  Upon entering the the showroom I was promptly greeted by Sales Guide Donny Tackett. He showed me some cars on the lot and offered a test drive. I had researched quite extensively and I had an idea of their inventory. I knew exactly what I wanted. Sport, White with Black roof and a light interior.  Easy.  Before I had the chance to share my requirements with Donny we were setting out on our test drive and he pointed out a car that had just arrived. It was covered in the plastic that protects the new car during transit. I couldn't really see what it even was! He explained it was a LTD edition HST. So I had been researching for days, I knew it all, I thought. Wrong. I'd never even heard of this car. Upgraded motor, different interior, wheels and much more. So not whit

1 16 Stopped in to check out the Evoque, and Justin rocked our sales experience.  He was very knowledgable about the car, listened to what we wanted, and helped us order my new baby without ever making us feel pressured.  Can't wait for October, when my car will actually arrive.  In the meantime, if you're looking for a new ride, go see Justin.  He's a true professional.

1 17 Fast and great service, excellent customer service. Came here for a quick carwash on a Wednesday afternoon. no wait.

1 18 I can't believe I give this place 4 stars but they worth it  From all the DMV's I ever been they are the best  Fast of all there is not a big line like all the others  Second the team is very organized and nice  I had my title in CA and I had to transfer , Maria help me step by step to make it right  They also let you keep the California driver license  Over all this a good location

1 19 Came for a new headlight, in and out of the store in about ten minutes with installation from a very friendly Thomas! He even showed me how to do it (because I asked). Just as helpful as the Decatur/Spring Mountain location and a lot less busy. Thank you!

1 12 Taking the Yukon in for service. I usually take it to Earnhardt Cadillac in Chandler, but Coulter is much more convenient in the morning. Mark the service rep is always very helpful. The waiting area is great with fresh donuts in the morning  Took a star off because lately they have been pushy with up selling other unnecessary services.

1 20 I have purchased four vehicles at this location (Sentra 12, Cruze 13, Avalanche 12 and Camaro 14).  I have had a warm welcome when I come in to the lobby and I am spoiled by their sales crew. Al, Dave and Reuben always greet me with a smile.  If I go in for an oil change or any other work they will go out of their way to say hi.  Their Service department is the same way, they greet me as soon as I walk through the door. Tony S. is the best! He really takes good care of me.  I am so thankful for him.  Even their oil change office has friendly faces. I was asked by multiple people off I've been helped. That's better than someone not acknowledging you.  I've watched the crew moved around, come and go, really developed a relationship with this dealership.  I am really going to miss them.  The only reason I left and went to a different dealership this year was because a service person told me that all GM cars are made the same way so what's wrong with my car will be in the others too, it's 

1 21 Not only is this place super fast, but their customer service is great! When me and my wife first walked up to the counter a gentleman greeted us which was nice and doesn't happen at very many companies.   What actually got me to write this review was the lady behind the counter who helped us. Her name was Jody and I will never forget her! She made me and my wife feel comfortable and helped us find a car that would be best for our trip.   This was by far the best experience I have ever had renting a car and will definitely be back for my next trip!

1 22 A Merry Christmas Update for the guys at Kinkade's. TJ and Jacob are always ready to help when you have an auto problem. Having used them consistently on all our cars since my first review I am always amazed by their customer service. Especially 4 days before Christmas.

1 23 I love triple AAA discount at payless along with a free passport photos yearly! Free travel guides and maps :) ahhh so worth the membership! Best of all road side assistance! Lots of parking at this location!  A travelers best friend!

1 24 Such great customer service. Everyone is nice & they give out complimentary car scents with every wash!

1 25 Yelp is awesome and so is Sun Auto Service!  Made an appointment through my Yelp app and got confirmation by email the next day.   On arrival - my First impression was that the office is very clean and there's a nice waiting area with magazines and a TV.. you can see straight into the workshop and it's clean and organized there too!   Patrick was friendly and very professional and asked us the right questions about what we wanted to do with the car .. then we were on our way.   We came in for an oil change and general check.. so it was pretty straight forward.  Dropped off the car at 8:30am and we got a call at 9:22 to say it was ready!  fast and affordable.   We came in for my car.... and ended up bringing in my husbands car for the same thing!    So overall, great service guys!  P.s it's now 12:45... my husband got a call back from JD With a diagnosis. He super impressed with the service he received and quote!   We'll be back back for sure & would highly recommend them - for your car

1 26 These guys are great, they have a free tire pressure check station. It's set up like a car wash where you just drive up and wait in line. Each car only takes about 3 minutes and there is someone who goes to each tire and checks to make sure they're within normative values and to refill them if it's not.   I've had a bad tire blowout during this past summer and Discount Tire gave me a great rate to replace it and then insured all my other tires for a small fee. I don't believe any other business offers this. It's nice to have this assurance because the tires certainly takes a hard bashing from the immense AZ heat.

1 27 Had I good experience with this Alamo location. I often rent here from their sister's company "National" and the experience there is seamless has I have been an "Emerald Club" members for two decades. My historical experience with Alamo in large airport was generally waiting an hour in lines... however, they now have a free program "Alamo Insiders" that enable you, once registered, to bypass the counter and go to your car like National's Emerald club. Service was quick, got to choose my car (free upgrade) and the car was in good condition. The return was as quick as the pick up.

1 28 No complaints at all with this location.  I brought my truck in to get a tire rotation and I do recommend making an appointment the day before.  Walked right in at 8:15am which was my appointment time and I was ready to go in about 30 minutes.  Full tire rotation and balance!  Those guys work hard and they keep the customer service at 100% while doing it.  Nice job!

1 30 I got a letter from FIndlay telling me that they could get me into a new car for less money and boy where they right.   I traded in my 2011 Camero for a 2012 Camero. I worked with Scott who took excellent care of me and got me into the car of my dreams.  Matt got the financials that we wanted and got us in and out with no problems. Laid everything out perfectly and explained everything to us when we had any questions.  Mike made sure that the car was up to my standards since they had to bring in up from Bullhead City. We went through all of the features of the car an made sure that I had everything I could ever want.  These 3 guys made this car buying experience a great time. Got everything that they promised and then some more.  My wife and I will be back very soon to get her a new car.

1 27 Everyone here is super friendly. Took my car to get it detailed and Carlos did a great job overall. The only reason for 4/5 stars is the windows don't really look too clean. But considering how great everything else looks I'm really not complaining. They charged me $140 and had it all done in an about 1-1.5 hours. I will definitely continue to come here to get my car washed.

1 32 I have visited this location on several occasions prior to today and I always leave satisfied with services provided. I am always embarrassed when the service attendant asks "How often do you get your car washed?" I know he is asking this question to try up sale me their monthly packages for express wash but I feel so bad for neglecting my car. I picked the ultimate wash which is 39.99 and comes with everything their VIP wash comes with plus two extra services. I was able to discount this price by using Yelp Check In to save 10 bucks. Score!   Things I like about Jackson's car wash  1. Friendly service  2. Reasonable priced packages for car wash  3. Lot of options for car smells  4. Quick service. I was in and out in 20 mins  5. Option to customize your car wash with extras if needed - mat cleaning, waxing, and many more options   Jackson's has the best deal too.. Wednesdays you can come and get the two of their car wash packages for half off! Check your location to see which packages.

1 33 Amazing service and quality from a great locally owned and operated business! The are honest from the word go, and will work with you. I recently purchased a car that had problems with three wheels and Rose, David were absolutely fabulous. In is nice to deal with good people in Vegas.

1 34 Going to an auto shop is never a happy moment. Especially when it's because your car's AC has died in a middle of a record heat wave.  Nevertheless, the staff of Busy Buggy made my bad situation palatable. For starters, they offer free drinks, ice cream, and snacks. Never seen that, and what a great way to welcome the customer. They understand what customer service means, something that is rare in today's world.   Marco was straight up with me and didn't play any mechanic games. They got me an estimate within 30 minutes, and initially I wasn't too happy with it. My knee jerk reaction was skeptical, so I looked online and at other places. Turns out his quote was par for the course.  So it isn't the cheapest out there, but I would come back here because I feel confident I'm working with genuine people.

1 35 Relatively good Autozone located conveniently to my home. They have ok service and are pretty well stocked in all the regular merchandise necessary. The parking is nice as well. There are plenty of spots. Easy access too.

1 36 Came by the service department to have a quick oil change. Everything was done quickly and promptly and lived up to my expectations. Court my service writer answered all the questions I had. When I come here I always look for him.

1 37 This is a great location. Every employee is extremely knowledgeable on tires and passionate about their service. I bought tires from a different location years ago and the tech here was kind enough to tell me that location gave me the wrong size then.   This time they sold me the correct size at a discounted rate for being a returning customer and for being sold the wrong tires before. I will definitely be back again. The four star rating is only because they allowed me to leave with the low tire light on, explaining it would eventually turn off, but it didn't and I had to return a couple of hours later with a flat tire due to it being installed improperly. But that's not enough to make me not return. I'll be back in the future. I recommend this store.

1 39 This place has our business now! Last month I had a nail in my tire and as I drive a mini Cooper the sensor alerted us to the problem.  Took my car to a different tire shop and they were nice but they didn't know how to turn the sensor off. We brought our other car here and just mentioned the sensor.  The guy helping us came out and rest the sensor for free! Yep, bringing all our cars here for repairs and tires now! Great staff here!

1 40 I love how they offer free use of their vacuuming stations! They're under canopies and have duel vacuum hoses for both sides. Plenty of space for everyone.

1 41 Great service I made appointment I was in and out within less than 10 minutes great attitude at the appointment desk and with the person would get the paperwork . first-class service

1 44 Ben in service is awesome! I have brought both of our Audi's in for both routine maint and special services and he has been very accommodating each time. Same day or next day service and the work was done right and efficiently! Love the handwash service at the end! If only he offered footrubs, I would come in for service daily! Thanks guys!!

1 45 Scott is a great guy to work with. It was my first time experience in there and he made it an excellent experience for me. I will always come back to Scott because he is very knowledgeable in what he does. Helped me out a lot with my Lexus and great great and I mean fantastic customer service. Thank you Scott

1 46 I've always had an amazing experience with shawn in service I believe his name is. I have had several issues with my 2012 Chevy Cruz since I got it two years ago. Some of the issues were even caused by the mechanics there but when I brought them back they were fast to make sure that they were fixed. On two occasions I was even given a rental at no cost to me. Although I've had some problems they have great customer service and never let me leave without assuring me that they are doing everything to make my experience with them a good one

1 17 Nice "Free" upgrade from a compact car to a small SUV.    $450+ for full coverage insurance for less than a week - that's where they get you.  Nice car, decent service, but... the insurance cost just kills me.

1 48 I don't think I'd ever go to another car wash! Service is great and everyone is so friendly! I have been washing my car at this location for a year now and couldn't be happier, keep up the good work!

1 49 These guys are excellent. Fast service, friendly personnel and fair pricing.

1 50 The customer service at this place is amazing! Everyone here is so helpful! I came in to get my oil changed and Jovan told me that it would be an hour and a half before they can service my car. So I was going to come back in that time frame. But then he told me to hand him my keys and that he'd take care of it personally. I feel like he could tell that today was the only day I could get my oil changed. And he was right! My only day off. I so appreciate him for takin the time to check my tire pressure and everything else he did! All the other guys in the store are also super nice! This was my second time coming here and as long as I am in Vegas this is where I will go!

0 24 This is a great repair shop. It is very difficult to find an honest mechanic, so I was very happy to find 25th Street Automotive. I originally went there for a second opinion when the dealership had recommended some very expensive repairs. It turns out those repairs were unnecessary, and the car has run just fine since then. I now take my car to 25 Street Automotive for all routine maintenance.

1 22 Amazing Gem of a place to know. I was in a unique situation with my tire and what discount tire, Ted Weins, and big O couldn't do, these guys did. A thanks for your help! You saved me a lot of time and money. Joe was awesome and their free arcade room is nice.

1 42 Quick and friendly service. I was however disappointed in the price. The menu said $30 for a basic oil change. When I went to pay the bill was $42.76. No where on their menu did it say anything about filter chargers or additional fees for the oil or disposal fees.

1 24 Very friendly, plenty of staff on site.  Got my smog check and it passed for $19.95!  :)

1 25 Since the last time I had my car supposedly washed at Los Olivos Ive been searching for a new place to have my Cooper bathed.. well, found it! They do a decent enough job though not as awesome as L.O. in their prime but acceptable.   Be sure to visit their website for a coupon.. 12.99 for the Works!! Woohoo!!

1 33 Shannon Tudor is THE best and she wouldn't be all she is without Guido!!  Lexie is awesome too!!  They are the reason why I buy and continue to buy Lexus!!

1 35 Wow...what a nice surprise coming here for a smog  check! Only $20 and they were finished by the time I finished paying the cashier inside the store. Nice guys too. So easy...why wouldn't you just come here for smog check. They will do your registration renewal too if you don't want to hassle with online registration.

1 36 This is officially my new go-to auto shop. I took my recently-purchased, used car here for my first maintenance on it and they were extremely helpful. I'm the type of person who need honest people who will tell me straight what's going on with my car and that's exactly what I got, and for $46! You can't beat that. I love this place!


