 ###### Price  negative ######
0 2 You can find everything in this mall but it's always so packed with people it tires me out. They need more and bigger/cleaner washrooms here.

1 4 I have been to many salons in the Las Vegas area to try and find someone who can work on my wide nail beds. I can't stand acrylic because make my nails look too big and thick, I liked SNS powder but it would break very easily. So I decided to give hard gel a try and I went to LV Nails based on the reviews on Yelp. I was not disappointed! They fit me in same day, I got a full set and pedicure, that was PERFECT, for $100. Now that certainly isn't the cheapest I've ever paid, but you get what you pay for! And it was a very fair price. I've never had a better pedicure than the one I got from LV Nails and Spa. I have odd shaped toenails because when I was younger I used to rip them off rather than cut them down so they grow a little weird and pedicures usually get on my nerves because my entire nail is not painted. Of course it's easily chipped and they neglect the very sides of the nail bed but not here! They have the biggest variety of nail colors in regular polish and hard gel so I had a

1 6 I have been a member for  2years. It's a nice clean place with good massage therapists & bad therapists, like anywhere else. I have found my therapists, i need a heavy hand & deep tissue doesn't cut it for me.  the only downfall is the paper thin walls & the badly trained support staff. At least they got rid of the perfume aka aromatherapy that they used to have outside in the waiting area. After many months of having coughing fits from they cloying smell they finally took that away!!  The price is the same as the other 2 competitors down the street.

0 4 Since I got sick of the long waits, buggy sign-in system and condescending barbers at Sports Clips I had to find a new barber shop.  I had used Fantastic Sams way in the past so I decided to give them another try.  Overall a good job.  The barber (I'm sorry I didn't get her name) was really good, always checking to see if what she was doing was right.  And the price is right.  So why only three stars?  I am so sick of business asking for personal information that's not required for the purchase of the product or service I'm  buying, especially if I'm paying with cash.  Smith's doesn't ask for my phone number.  Wal-mart doesn't require my email.  So why do I have to provide my phone number to a barber (I didn't)?  They need a back up system for signing people in who do not wish to provide more than a first name.   When I go into any store or restaurant I never think "hey, how can I help these folks with their demographic studies and possibly give them information that can be stolen, sol

1 7 I've been sad lately because the girl I normally go to for waxing at the salon left over a year ago. Since then I have tired of paying the old salon $30 to do it wrong 95% of the time.   Needless to say, I have way too much hair on my face. What's a girl to do?   Until today I was a total threading virgin and I spent some time psyching myself up in the parking lot/ hyperventilating before I gathered the courage to walk in. I mean, $10 to rip the hair off your eyebrows and the chance to maybe not look like a wooly mammoth all the time? Probably worth the risk.  I'm glad I tried it! I was in a chair 4 seconds after I walked in the door, so I didn't have much time to regret it or run away. The internets told me that threading is more painful than waxing, but I did not find that to be the case at all.   Okay, I cried. A little. But it's because threading isn't like waxing. It takes more time to rip hair off your face with thread than it does with hot wax. However, it doesn't burn and leave

1 8 This one star is not for the Massage therapist.   The massage therapist I go to monthly Josie is amazing.  That is why I travel almost an hour to go to this location.   The one star is for the clerical staff.    If you sign up monthly for massages and have specific terms of when funds should be debuted from your account then why does the company just debit from your account when they choose too?   Each month between my massage and fees from my bank my massages is really expensive .   This is a chain business.  The owner of this location definitely needs to look to the corporate office for some training tools for his or her staffing or get more involved.  I have seen others with the same issue as I when I'm At this location

1 9 Pros: I can't find a better massage place than spring spa. I went a couple months ago with my boyfriend and we both thought this place was amazing. I slept on my neck wrong the night before and had terrible neck and back pain and didn't tell the lady before the massage. She spent majority of the time on my back in one specific area and went hardcore. She also popped my neck and put my arms and legs in weird positions that popped my entire spine. How's that even possible?! Anyways, super intense massage and I felt amazing afterwards.   Con: just one. The price! We went in thinking it's around $30 an hr like many other Chinese owned spas but this place costed $60/hour per person! That's so much for a massage spa on spring mountain... We usually tip at least $20 per person but since this place is super expensive already, my boyfriend tipped $15 a person and paid a total of $150.   Please lower your prices!! I want to come back but your pricing is way too high compared to other places on s

1 10 This place was my favorite until mid last year. It feels modern and upscale with prices still being reasonable. Perfect for gal pal outing.  But off late they changed the staff a lot and you see the difference. I went for waxing, the lady assigned to me was doing it so slowly and delicately making it painful. Also the pricing for waxing is inconsistent. They charged me extra $5 for no reason, and when I asked about it they said we'll waive it off! disgruntled right there. I would recommend this place only for nail jobs and nothing else.

0 9 I have been to Fuchsia four times, all for facial treatments (no massage). The first time was a few years ago, and my treatment was pretty standard. I decided they were too far away from my home and left it at that.  But recently I decided to try microdermo and did some research. Not only was Fuchsia's price one of the most reasonable in town, they used the diamond system, so I decided to return.  First visit - HEAVY sell on the membership even before my treatment, which I understand and expect but it gets really old. My treatment goes well, although I am a little upset they do zero extractions during a microdermo facial, apparently. Heavy sell again on the membership again when I checkout. I opt to buy a special 3 treatments for $150 card. 15 minutes later I get a phone call asking if I can return to the store. They apparently gave me the wrong card. I tell them I am already two far away. I was slightly shocked they would ask me to return to correct their mistake. Oh well.   Second vi

1 12 Came here a few months ago for a color correction .  Suzanne was my stylist . Over all liked my hair , but felt alittle shade thrown my way . Her asst was lovely and answered a lot of my questions . She told me the price of extra conditioner and I agreed to it . But a simple blow dry was an extra $50 ! I even mentioned nothing to crazy I was heading home to go work out . I think this should be mentioned as well as any add on's .   I was called to review my service and was credited for $38 treatment to use next service . After I thought about it , I felt a mistrust with stylist so I began a new mission for a new stylist once again lol.   I spent over $400 for service and products - I am not a cheap spender - just be up front with things.  Over all the salon was busy but very boring vibe . With the prices - suggest offering a glass of wine .

1 13 I spent so much time and money at this place for mediocre results. I purchased a groupon and was told if I wasn't satisfied with the results after I had used up the (6) treatments with the groupon I could "trade up" and put that groupon towards the "any body area for a year offer groupon."   After the 6 treatments, I wasn't satisfied with the results, so I called to trade up and was told I couldn't do that, even though every technician had told me I would be able to throughout the course of my groupon. They warned that I not stop part way through my treatments so I conceded and purchased the $69/month because I could cancel anytime.   I went every six weeks for another 9 treatments and finally threw in the towel. I called to cancel and they asked my reason, I explained how many times I'd gone, the money I spent, the lack of results, and that each time I asked a technician how many treatments they thought I would ultimately need, I kept getting different answers. I understand it varies 

0 14 Sure, it's a massive shopping centre, filled with tourists and teenagers and the same old stores you'll find in any other mall, but it's THE downtown mall, meaning one cannot help but be sucked into it from time to time (if not just to avoid walking outside in a snow storm whilst trying to get from Dundas to Queen).   What I like about it right now is the CRAZY big Christmas tree covered in 10,000 Svarovski crystals! It's up until December 31st, right in the middle of the mall, but really? You can't miss it. It's so sparkly and pretty, plus it turns at a very slow pace, hypnotizing you with its glittery-giganticism......................must.......buy.........crystals? Yes.............crystals..................

1 17 I went here with my besty from high school the day after Christmas and OMG! This was my first spa experience and I'm hooked for so many reasons. I walked in and was given a locker and sandals and a robe. There's plenty of showers and they're all  stocked with towels, soap, shampoo, conditioner etc. and they're CLEAN!! Got a hot stone massage from Frank and was in HEAVEN! I'm definitely going back for more R&R from here. I also received a facial from I think her name was Tiffany? I can't remember, but she was so cool and gave me tips on where to go on the strip for the best clubs etc. I didn't pay for this, but I heard the total and gathered that it was around 250 for a 70 min massage and 20 min. facial  Pricey but SO WORTH IT!!!! I think they have cheaper deals during the weekdays.

0 18 This has been my weekly go to foot spa when I'm not traveling. I've never had to wait whether alone or with my fiancé. Foot massages are a dime a dozen in Chinatown and some (if not most) try to upsell despite the low advertised prices in front of the store. Good Foot Spa thankfully doesn't do that and the price chart clearly reflect the services and length of time you're going to get.  It can be hard to communicate with some of the masseuses but they will bring you a price chart and you can point to the length and service you want. During the massage they will ask if the pressure is too hard/soft etc. For the basic $20 foot massage they will start with your head, face, and shoulders while your feet are soaking. After 15-20 minutes they will rub your feet and legs getting the pressure points. Last but not least they will have you turn over and will work on your back and shoulders.    Not everything is perfect here. Sometimes it can be loud and I've had masseuses talking to each other i

1 17 I am very happy with this shop. This was my 2nd time going to them. Helen that I liked wasn't working on Sunday and I  really needed to get my nails done. So I  tried another lady named Vee, she was very nice and liked to joke a bit. I  walked out a happy customer again. I  am guessing that the ladys there are well trained and all do a great job. I  would suggest going durning the week if possible as they are very busy on weekends. I  forgot to let them know I  wanted a pedicure so I wasn't able because they where to busy to squeeze me in. Durning the week I know I would of got that done. I like my nails long so they are a bit pricey, but if the job is good and it was, I don't mine paying a bit more.

1 19 I still have scars on my arms from getting them waxed one time over a year ago during a training. They hire girls fresh out of beauty school who have no experience waxing and train them for about a week or less with real clients for free. My girl had no idea how to rip off the wax strips and mutilated my arm until someone else literally came in and finished it for her. They either rip your skin off while waxing, or the hairs break in half. When you walk in, they immediately start trying to sell you wax passes, and they are very expensive, especially when you have not even been waxed ever before! Don't waste your time and money.

1 22 Calling this a "day spa" is highly misleading.  It's more of a nice nail salon that has a room where they can do a massage.  I saw nothing "day spa" about it - particularly when I sat in the waiting area, looked up at the flourescent lenses in the ceiling and saw it loaded with a bunch of insect bodies and remains.  And I don't mean two or three - I mean like 20-40!  The other flourescent fixtures had only two or three.  And at that, the "massage room" was ill equipped.  Twice during my massage the attendant had to say excuse me and exit the room (once for the hot stones, and the next for warm towels) - letting in the harsh flourescent lighting glare and completely breaking the relaxing atmosphere and ambience that once should be able to expect and enjoy during a massage.     I had a manicure here once a couple years ago, and was very unimpressed and annoyed by how much the manicurist kept trying to sell me on a more expensive service.  No means no!!  So if you're looking for a day at 

1 21 I got an appointment very quickly (the next day!) so I was very happy to try this salon out (especially after reading all the positive reviews). They gave me tea when I first came in which was nice. The salon itself is beautiful and trendy. I tried the Japanese thermal straightening and my hair looks shiny and amazing. I also really loved the haircut I got. My only concern was that they didn't tell me how much it was going to cost until the end, which I think they should tell you up front as they only give a range for the price on the website for the thermal straightening so I didn't know if I was going to be paying on the low or the high range. You can get a 10% discount if you pay cash. I'll be back when my hair grows out and I need to get the straightening again.

1 22 They can't do more than 3 pedicures at a time. Maybe a staffing issue so the 4 of us will have to get our pedis elsewhere.  Its too bad...love the b ambiance. Was willing to pay double what I normally pay for a pedi just to have it done here but the silver lining is that I will save some money :)

1 25 Not impressed at all, $42 Men's manicure and pedicure for the first experience was over priced and under serviced.  I left having to go home file my nails and also cut more cuticles.  If I had to pick one positive thing  it would be the chair giving a massage. My husband had better service and we both started at the same time yet my experience ended about 15 mins before his did and I ended up waiting in the lobby for him which gave me lots of time to experience the flaws in the operation. Lynn just rushed through the process to get me out of her chair. My husband had Vivian and was very impressed and will be returning for her excellent attention to detail.

1 23 I'm always surprised when a place gets rave reviews and I'm like, eh whatever, about it. But I wasn't as impressed as I thought I'd be here. A regular manicure (not gel) and pedicure were $47. I guess that's competitive for this area (I spend $45 at a much more luxurious feeling salon) but they all still feel too expensive considering I'd get a regular manicure for 10 bucks back home. The hand and foot massage were disappointing for these prices. Pretty short, and not very good. They did have a huge selection of regular nail polish. Lots of brands and colors. My manicurist was pretty diligent about removing extra polish from the sides of my nails. I am a big stickler about making sure the nail length on both hands are even and she didn't bother doing this. I would come back for another girls' day mani pedi with my friend, but it won't be my regular place.

1 24 This is more like 3.5 stars because I've experienced a lot better in my waxing and facial needs, however the price for their waxing services would keep me coming back for some maintenance for sure.  The location has a bit to be desired, located in a small strip mall with very little parking. The ambiance, also, is lacking. Usually when you imagine going to get a facial and wax you think of serene music, a tinkling water fountain perhaps, and some refreshments -- definitely water as getting a facial can leave you dehydrated, and you need to hydrate anyway, as has always been recommended to me at other places around town.  Things are a bit different here -- bright fluorescent lights, bleak white walls, and little to no décor. It's not really an "all-frills" type place.  However, on the good side - I paid $8 to have my brows done, which is great and as long as they don't make my brows look razor 90s thin I am good. They accomplished this. I was pretty weirded out by the blaring boom box t

1 25 THANK YOU YELP.  I have been debatably blonde forever, and it was time to commit. At some great yelper's recommendations, I decided to go see Markis @ Parlour since he apparently does the "best blondes."  He really does. He wove pretty highlights through my hair that look natural, subtle but decidedly blonde, no more light brown kinda sorta dirty blondish for this girl.   After he finished my highlights he put me under the dryer for 20 minutes, checked me and gave me an amaaazing hair wash, massaging my head thoroughly for the shampoo, toner, and conditioner. Mmm.  Included in the price of colour was a rough dry and flat iron - my colour looks perfect, I will definitely be back. Thanks Yelp for leading me to my new colourist!  ~125 before tax for my highlights, depending on length thickness, etc.

1 26 I have gone to this place three times. Every time I have gone they have been very welcoming but very crowded. Appointments are recommended. They have a great selection of colors and I always have a hard time picking one out so they will narrow it down out of two. They are a little bit pricey but do a good job.

1 29 AVOID AT ALL COSTS!!!These people destroyed my hair!! I had nice hair that I always got complimented on and they butchered it. The cut was uneven all over including shaving the back when I asked them not to cut it. I said just a touch up!! I had to go to another place just to fix it... I guess you get what you pay for.

1 30 I went in there with an idea of the prices to get my highlights retouched. I'd just returned from doing aid work in Africa so my funds were limited...Then I got there and Jamie and the owner started fussing over my hair and recommending this and that. I was then told it would be $210. I said that was too much, just the highlights please without any conditioners. That's $140. Ok. Then Jamie said, "but just so you know if you need a toner after we can't do it as the $140 is highlights and highlights alone." Never in my life have I gone anywhere where they wouldn't throw in something a little extra to earn a new regular customer and a five dollar toner wouldn't have killed them. Jeez. So being still jet lagged and emotionally exhausted as I gotten home from Africa to find my abusive ex who I had kicked out had been jacking up my credit cards, neglecting my cat so bad it died in my arms, I was exhausted and started crying as I felt I was being squeezed for money I didn't have. The owner sn

1 32 Eaton Centre is one of the largest malls in Toronto where its considered to be a "travel must go" since it's open 365 days a year..This mall has almost everything and anything you are looking for. European Brands, Canadian Brands..you name it..it's most likely in this mall...(don't quote me on it tho)  Weekends and holiday season is very packed..cuz its open when other places aren't...parking is expensive if you must drive here...it's at a TTC stop, I wouldn't drive here...public transit isn't that bad (sometimes) especially when you're downtown...people pay soo much to live here because of convenience...  This is a huge mall to walk in, one day is really not enough if you shop at every availible store in this mall...so of the stores really just carry the same items...ie. Aritzia and TNA? seriously? Is it necessary to have both stores here? Hollister and A&F? same corporation...just different labels..you get the idea...

1 34 EYEBROWS ARE SO IMPORTANT. Why else would people coin the phrase "eyebrows on fleek," if they weren't important??? That being said, you can't just trust any schmo to microblade your brows. So, I searched long and hard, far and wide, and finally found Ani! I obviously stalked her insta for MONTHS before I got the nerve to make an appointment; and I have to say that I was not disappointed.   I originally had my eyebrows microbladed some time last year (when her rate was still around $400 - now it's $700 and it'll only go up...BC SHE'S THE BEST) and just recently went back for my 1 year touch up. Again, so pleased with her work. My little ol frail brows have color and are shapes the way I like and I couldn't be happier. If you're going to have someone put tiny little slits into your brows and shape them then ANI IS THE ONLY WAY TO GO. I would also go now before she charges like $1,000 for new clients.

1 37 Went in for a pedicure today and told my significant other I would pay for hers so I left my credit card, the pedicure I received was sub par and wasn't worth the money.  They ended up over charging on my card and decided not to refund anything. Over priced and under services on every level.

1 41 This is what shopping should be like everywhere. The mall is big, spacious, clean, well lit, and trendy. It also feels premium and expensive.   They have so many retailers. You could spend a whole day shopping here and be guaranteed to find what you're looking for.   It does a great job at blending higher end stores and more accessible stores.   It's definitely worth having a look at if you're in Toronto.

1 40 I could not understand what the guy was saying and obviously he couldn't understand me my hair looked horrible my calico was standing straight up and I warned him he couldn't cut very short there because of it. This place is expensive don't mind if it's a good cut

1 41 I came here after years of freestyling with my eyebrows, resulting in some hits and some misses. Mary did my consultation and within 30 minutes, she gave my eyebrows a complete makeover. I was really happy with the results. The only thing was it was quite pricey (almost $40 after tax) but I would say it's worth the money if you're clueless about what your eyebrows should look like.

1 42 my regular nail tech at my usual salon was not in, so i decided to give this place a try because of the good reviews. i shouldve just stuck with my salon.   i started getting prepped by this young, blond tech, but then got moved with this little, older lady. she kept making this phlem-y sound...then swatted a fly with her hand and continued to work on my nails.. then filed my nails all screwed up so i ended up filing them myself.   i told her i wanted a gel french manicure with a pink, shimmery nail bed. i showed her which shade of pink i wanted. she ended up just putting white on top of my bare nail and then glitter on top. i asked her if she was going to put the pink on it and she just said " i just put glitter over whole nail".....what the hell little lady?!   it came out to be cheaper than my regular place, but definitely not as good. you get what you pay for, i guess.

1 44 Positives: anything and everything I could want/need on one store.  Negatives: pushy employees-I was in the store no more than 5 minutes and had about 7 employees approach me trying to sell items, show me items, or offer help. I HATE being bombarded by sales people. Let me shop and I'll ask you if I need anything.  Prices are also higher than most stores for the same exact product.  I don't think I'll go back unless I have a coupon for a specific item that I need.

0 45 my chica's and i stayed here over a girls weekend get-away.  we may have paid full price because spring training and 'tis the time to be in phoenix.  that being said, we paid too much but i recommend this resort.  it's cute, it's in a great location, it's got a great pool, bar service at the pool, a nice restaurant, great rooms, and just an overall good feeling here.    we had a couple of frozen drinks out by the pool and i loved the it!  try and ask for free drink coupons at the front desk because those babies are $10 bucks a pop!  recommended

1 48 Busy mall...i mean VERY BUSY MALL.  Usually out of my size in everything.  Guarantee to say excuse me, at least five times...or just push through.  Many stores (+star).  Personally, I hardly choose to come here. Walk along Queen Street West instead!  Or go to another mall that isn't as crazy as this one...which is hard to find in the GTA area.

1 49 Top Design Nails Review  I send everyone I know here. (Even the out of towners.) Nails are a fact of life. And maintaining them sucks up money. Here, if you're ok with not having a full on spa experience, you can walk out feeling like a million bucks ... without having emptied your wallet. Bring cash, and you save two bucks.  The massage chairs are heavenly. Oh, I can think of the pleasures they've offered to me so many times right now. Good stuff.   If you go for a pedi, I highly recommend springing for a the $5 callous remover (at least once in a while). You'd be surprised how butter smooth you'll feel afterwards.  As stated elsewhere, things cost less M/T. So things are busier those days. Be sure to sign in as soon as you arrive and then take a seat. Actually, try and state what you're there for if you can. You don't want to get lost in the shuffle of a large crowd.  Gel manicures are a steal for $25 bucks any day of the week. Can't go wrong with that.   I've now gotten quite a numb

1 50 Was happy with my nails and the price, went to a few others nearby and wasn't happy with the quality, the guy did my nails here and he did a decent job.  Went back for a new set had a different tech but she did great and very happy only thing I didnt like is when the tech tries to sneak things in to up charge you its just distasteful and thirsty. Charge me for coffin shape thats not even coffin and put a different polish then what i asked for so you can charge me more. The gel she used was beautiful but she didnt ask me.   I am in the beauty industry and I never sneak in charges on my clients... its a sign of poor character, the quality of nail artists in Az for the price is junk, in Ca I pay $25 for a nice set with gel and the work is good and no sneaking in prices.

1 1 30 I went in there with an idea of the prices to get my highlights retouched. I'd just returned from doing aid work in Africa so my funds were limited...Then I got there and Jamie and the owner started fussing over my hair and recommending this and that. I was then told it would be $210. I said that was too much, just the highlights please without any conditioners. That's $140. Ok. Then Jamie said, "but just so you know if you need a toner after we can't do it as the $140 is highlights and highlights alone." Never in my life have I gone anywhere where they wouldn't throw in something a little extra to earn a new regular customer and a five dollar toner wouldn't have killed them. Jeez. So being still jet lagged and emotionally exhausted as I gotten home from Africa to find my abusive ex who I had kicked out had been jacking up my credit cards, neglecting my cat so bad it died in my arms, I was exhausted and started crying as I felt I was being squeezed for money I didn't have. The owner sn

1 1 8 This one star is not for the Massage therapist.   The massage therapist I go to monthly Josie is amazing.  That is why I travel almost an hour to go to this location.   The one star is for the clerical staff.    If you sign up monthly for massages and have specific terms of when funds should be debuted from your account then why does the company just debit from your account when they choose too?   Each month between my massage and fees from my bank my massages is really expensive .   This is a chain business.  The owner of this location definitely needs to look to the corporate office for some training tools for his or her staffing or get more involved.  I have seen others with the same issue as I when I'm At this location

1 1 34 EYEBROWS ARE SO IMPORTANT. Why else would people coin the phrase "eyebrows on fleek," if they weren't important??? That being said, you can't just trust any schmo to microblade your brows. So, I searched long and hard, far and wide, and finally found Ani! I obviously stalked her insta for MONTHS before I got the nerve to make an appointment; and I have to say that I was not disappointed.   I originally had my eyebrows microbladed some time last year (when her rate was still around $400 - now it's $700 and it'll only go up...BC SHE'S THE BEST) and just recently went back for my 1 year touch up. Again, so pleased with her work. My little ol frail brows have color and are shapes the way I like and I couldn't be happier. If you're going to have someone put tiny little slits into your brows and shape them then ANI IS THE ONLY WAY TO GO. I would also go now before she charges like $1,000 for new clients.


 ###### Price  positive ######
0 2 I've always loved Parlour, as noted from my previous review. Luckily, my stylist, Sam now works here. He's my guy for my cut and colour. Whatever I'm after, he'll get it done. Whether it's trying a different shade of red to chopping off all my length or even just a quick blow dry.   The salon is always hustling and bustling with coifs of sleek styles to more drastic changes. They can really do it all.  Although the prices are up there, they do have junior stylists, regular stylists, senior stylists and educator stylist tiers to suit all price ranges and expertise. Definitely one of the best salons in the city. Hands down!

1 1 I really like this place. They are very friendly. Pricing is reasonable. And they seem to be ahead of the trends.  I definitely recommend them!

1 2 This place gets 5 stars because it's the BEST full-set and pedi for the price.  I know you can get a classier atmosphere in a chic-ier spa, but you're going to PAY for that one hour and when you leave, you're nails and toes aren't going to look any better than if you'd gone to TDN!  I just took my daughter there on Tuesday for a full set and a pedi and it cost me $36.00 (not including the tip)!  I was paying $80.00 for the same thing down in Tucson.  I only wish you could set appts but I won't ding them a star for this due to the affordable prices!

1 3 The customer service at this place is ridiculously awesome. I will forever keep coming here in Vegas because of that. This place is owned and operated by a family. They do a great job of getting you in and out quickly while still being thorough. The son's foot massages are out of this world and you can keep your own personal pedicure box ( free of charge ) at the salon which is a great way to stay sanitary. They also bring you bottles of free water if you are thirsty and the prices are great! It's next to LEE'S LIQUOR if you have a hard time finding it.

1 4 The crew here takes great care of the customers. I have very ticklish feet and they know just how to treat them.      The place is clean and the prices are fair.  Get your loved one a gift certificate because you care and it makes a wonderful "takes up no space" gift to have them treat themselves.    If I'm ever going to have my feet taken care of, Sunset Nails on Stephanie is my first choice.

1 10 I was referred to this spa by a friend and booked a shoulder and back waxing appointment. I was able to book a 'waxing' on the same day I needed it, and was very happy with the service and the price. Everyone here was friendly and the room I had the waxing done in was very clean and smelled great. For the guys out there who need 'manscaping' I would highly recommend this place and I am surprised it  does not have a higher rating. I literally paid twice as much at my old place in Mississauga and the service levels were about the same. Aroma, I will be back here again :)

1 5 I got a pedi here from Kim she did a good job. I made an appt based on the reviews I read and I'm glad I did it seemed to get pretty busy. $20 for a pedi, can't beat that! It's in the neighborhood so I'm sure I'll be going back.

1 6 Such a cute shop! Love the selection of colors and the fun chandeliers and the prices are incredibly good!

1 20 Tamara did a great job, and was super friendly. I wanted a simple trim and some layers and she went above and beyond to make sure my hair looked great. No wait time ,quick and friendly service all for a great price. Ill definitely be back!

1 7 Came in looking for a great nail place with reasonable prices.. and wow I am in love this is the perfect place to have a girls day out. It would make it amazing if they served champagne/wine/mimosas or even Sangrias.. then it would be the spot!

1 8 Just walked in tonight, it wasn't busy at all which was good. Thought I can use their thingy right here on yelp but the guy working there told me they don't use those anymore so okay. Haircut is just $13 plus if you want shampoo, it's gonna be $3 more. It wasn't pricey at all. The lady who cut my hair was really nice, she asked me some questions and really listened to all the things that I had to say. She suggested me this and that too. Over all, she made a great job on my hair. I really liked it!

1 10 It's really hard to find a salon and stylist that you love, however, I got very lucky when I found Rhea!   I contacted Rhea via her Instagram (http://instagram.com/raeshairaffair). I was wanting a natural looking balayage and she was able to do just that, in my price range. I have thinner hair, shoulder length so it cost $150.  Rhea did an amazing job and clearly is in tune with current hair trends. She does an amazing job with hair painting. Her overall professionalism and demeanor was warm, welcoming and understanding. She is new to Bomb Hair 2, but already showing her value to the team.   The salon was very cute and had a really great vibe to it. My only complaint would be the deep house music that was being played, it's hard enough not to zone off when your hair is getting done!   Thank you, Rhea! Book with her! You won't regret it.

1 11 Came here last minute for a mani/pedi. Reasonable price, clean, & professional.

1 12 In our experience, my daughters eyebrows were noticeably uneven and mine were fine. The girl was nice and quick. We are willing to try them again. The area is convenient. The shop is nice and seems very clean. The price was very reasonable.

1 13 I come here about every 2 weeks and well I can't complain. The prices are not to bad. If you are not 10 years of age or under and or 65 years of age and over then you will pay 12 dollars. If you do fall into those age groups then it is only going to be 10 dollars for you. The customer service is great and well sometimes it is very busy and other times well your in and out no wait but that is probably like any haircut place I presume. They put what you do to your hair in the computer so they know exactly what you want when you check in. Great place if you want a cheap and good haircut.

1 14 My husband and I were looking for a pedicure during a recent trip to Las Vegas and found the great Yelp reviews. They were nearing closing time and it was quite busy. Initially we were told that they couldn't accommodate us - totally OK, it was close to closing time on a Friday night. As we were getting ready to drive away, one of the employees came out to our car and told us there were techs to do our pedicures - nice customer service! Everyone was friendly, they offer free drinks with your service, they pay attention to sanitation and they are efficient. This is one of the largest nail salons I have been to, but you don't get lost in the shuffle and the decor is pleasing. Their prices are reasonable and their work was great. We will definitely return when we are in the area again.

0 15 This review is for Lisa. I LOVE her. She did exactly what I asked her to do, was very sweet, worked quickly and made me want to come back and see her. Yes, Sachi is a little pricey but I've gone to salons that are just as expensive and think a side of pretension makes you a happier customer (i.e. Habit Salon in Gilbert!) wonderful experience. Can not recommend her more.

1 16 I have been here twice, both times I had a great experience.   Chirin is amazing! She fixed a botched highlighting job I had from a hair dresser at another salon and did an amazing job. She worked with me on the price and really did a great job of fixing the mess I had.  I am definitely going back to her! If you want perfect highlights and beautiful curls, go see Chirin!!

1 18 This is my go to hair salon in downtown Toronto. I don't have a specific hair stylist that I go to here. But I still have a good experience each time I come for a hair cut. The people here are all very nice and friendly. The prices they charge are en par with other hair salons of this caliber. I always make an appointment when I come here as this salon is small. Overall, I like this place and this place will continue to be my go to hair salon. I also like this place that it accepts credit cards, unlike some other Korean Hair Salons that only take cash - it really makes my life easier.

1 16 I love a good rub down, and this place always puts me in my happy place :-)  While I do love a actual spa day this is the place I tend to visit the most. It's great for a pop in rub down. I love having my upper body done the most and they do a wonderful job. I usual get the 60 min for $34 but this last time they talked me into a upgrade for a couple bucks more I got oil on my back and neck which I didn't realized required me to take off my top....ya that kinda threw me off but it felt so wonderful I didn't care :-) plus I was covered and laying on my tummy so nothing was showing. This time she actaully walked on my back too! I never had that happen to me so again I was thrown off a little.The whole processes had a little pain and uncomfortableness but the end result was I was so relaxed it was incredible! Plus the price I pay to have that happy feeling is crazy cheap! A day spa massage price usually runs me about $120 and up and I didn't even pay that price for two people including tip

1 20 The extra $5 for the spa pedicure really is worth it!

1 21 Nice and polite reception. Went in on a Wednesday and got 15% off. Margo was great. Clean, professional, efficient and decently priced. Will come back for sure!  Also, love that I could book my appointment online!!!!

1 22 This place is a hidden gem! I was looking for a place to do some yoga classes here in Summerlin. They offer a deal where you can pay for six classes for $90. Since this was pretty good pricing, I decided to go. The big surprise was that you can use the spa amenities all day for that price! They have a gym, sauna, indoor heated pool, indoor hot tub, and a beautiful outdoor heated pool with spa jets. The yoga classes are held in a room with large windows overlooking the heated pool. They provide a robe, towels, water, and fresh fruit all free of charge. They also offer the other spot amenities make massages for an additional charge. This is definitely a great deal if you would like to take yoga classes, since most yoga places do not have the additional amenities.

1 23 Upscale salon in the Grayhawk area.  If you can deal with that sort of crowd you won't be disappointed.  I've been going to Miranda for 3+ years and she consistently gives me the best haircuts in my haircutting history.  She's down to earth, has reasonable rates, and always accommodating.  Give her a try.

1 24 This is my go-to eyebrow place! They always take their time, and do a really good job. They also have a student discount which is nice :)

1 25 Located in Chinatown, *Good Foot Spa* is your typical Asian foot massage parlor where you can indulge in a spa vibe that's affordable for an hour. It is open until 1:00am which is a a plus for a late night option! I came here last weekend and it went above my expectations. This was the perfect way to relieve stress from the work week and start my vacation right. I have had "Foot Massages" twice in SD, and a "Thai Massage" last month so it was neat to compare. TONY, my masseuse did an awesome job "head to toe" and had such good pressure I pretty much fell asleep from becoming relaxed. For the first half you are face up, and then the second half you are face down. I felt kind of disturbed or violated with the "extra" time it seemed he spent when he massaged my butt, but overall not a bad place for twenty bucks, hayyy!

0 26 Prices are pretty high but it is on the strip. A good relief from the sun.

0 27 I recently moved from Summerlin to this side of town, and while I love French Nails Salon on that side of town sometimes you just don't want to drive 35 minutes to get a fill.  I decided to give this place a try because its literally minutes from my house and they were rated well here on Yelp. I called in and was able to get an appointment within the hour which I really liked.  I had originally thought about getting a regular polish fill but upon arrival they had so many beautiful gel options I was swayed to opt for a gel fill instead.  Shannon was amazing! I really liked her vibe and I instantly felt comfortable around her. She did a great job with shaping my nails ( They are coffin shape the picture doesn't really do them justice).  I loved the way they came out, and for those of you who think that you can't pull off loud colors like these, life is too short for boring nails!! I did not like the price however. At my usual place for a fill whether it be gel or polish and whether I cho

1 28 Stumbled upon this place because it is near my boyfriend's house and I was desperate for a pedicure and gel/shellack manicure. I was able to get in right away, it was reasonably priced, service was friendly and my nails look nice. I can't say how they're other services are (looked like they also do hair, waxing, massage and facials) but I would recommend it for nails and the other services were busy (a good sign) and also reasonably priced.

1 29 Love this place! Have been coming for a year. It's a price you can't beat, they are very personable and listen to exactly what I need. I always feel much better after coming here and will keep coming back!

1 31 I've been here twice and I like how clean it is. Prices are reasonable and there was no wait both times I got my nails done here. I recommend it over some other places I've tried in North Charlotte.

1 32 Very good quality nails at an amazing price! Cute and clean salon, friendly staff. I called a few days a head of time and set an appt, we went over what I wanted and price which was full set acrylic French ombre & $50. Great deal and shaped to perfection. John did them and he was very efficient and quick! They also honored the fist time guest 20% discount and have a rewards program. I will definitely return for my fills!

1 33 Having been fed up with mediocre hairdressers charging upwards of $150 for a simple trim and one step color, I decided to try to Aspen in hopes of finding a reasonably priced, good professional.  I went there with a Groupon offer a cut, all over color and a deep conditioning treatment. It's not a very glamorous salon. I think the lodge theme is a bit odd, but I hear they will be changing locations.  Paul was my stylist. He was friendly, casual and understood that I didn't need anything complicated.  I got a nice all over color, a trim and some side swept bangs and am satisfied with my look.  Most importantly, he and I worked out an affordable rate so I can maintain my look without breaking the bank.

1 34 They did a nice job.   Price is right.     I've been there a bunch.  Not much hair growing back.  Beats waxing. I'll be back.

1 36 Have been a member of Massage Heights for years. I dont use a specific therapist but everytime I go I always get a good massage. Always friendly staff and prices you can't beat. Would recommend!

1 37 I love this place!!  Evan is efficient, fun, and does awesome manicures in that from the way he files, my nails grown out nicely and don't split on the sides. Tiffany does awesome pedicures. Both do great massages.  When you make an appointment, they are consistently ON TIME. It's super clean with nice atmosphere and relaxing music.  They also do hair, blowouts, and makeup for special occasions. Prices are great too.  I don't get gels or tips but they have tons of great reviews. They even have a woman who is a customer who will drive you back to your hotel so you don't have to wait for a taxi.

1 38 *This review is for hair cut and color only* This was my first time here due to me needing a last minute emergency appointment (long story). My friend has been going to Brian for years and has raved about him. First off he squeezed me in last minute that in itself I am so thankful for. He was wonderful, friendly, did an awesome job, price was affordable and he gave theeeee best scalp massage when shampooing (I would pay for that alone)! Three out of four customers I saw said hello to Brian by name...went to buy him coffee...you can tell they really loved him. I will definitely come back.

1 40 I got a full body massage for $40 .. I've been a few times but this time I had Ben.. Omg. He found muscles I didn't even knew hurt!! Incredible!! Definitely recommend this place!!

1 38 Overall a solid foot massage place.  Their base $20 per hour massage is fine, though they will try to up sell you.  If you are a regular, get their punch card for a free massage every 10 visits.

1 43 I'm not a mani/pedi person. I went with my aunt who got a pedi. My manicure has not chipped yet in four days. The prices were reasonable, everything including tools are clean. Lots of polish to choose from and they don't look old or gloopy.  The gentleman who took care of me turned up the football game for me to watch and shared a nice conversation with me. The only thing I didn't like was the cuticle cutter wasn't as sharp as I'd like and pulled on my skin a bit instead of cutting. I'd go def back.

1 43 Had a haircut here recently by Anthony. Very friendly and nice guy. It is another one of those family owned business, which I like to support. They also rent out stations offering variety of services. Their prices are very reasonable as well. I'd recommend.

1 45 After reading great reviews I decided to try a new nail salon after 21 years of going to the same person. Reason for the change was she moved salons and it was just to far for me to drive to off to search for a new nail person. This was quite a nerve racking decision because of certain allergies I have to nail products (acrylics). After readying many positive reviews I decided to try Lavish Nails during my lunch hour. I cannot say enough good things about my experience. They were quick to get me right in. I sat with Beana and she was wonderful! My nails look wonderful!! I was in and out in an hour so it worked perfect during my lunch hour. The moment I walked in the door everyone was very friendly. The salon was very clean as well. My nails are great and look so natural for being gel nails. The shape, thinnest and the color I choose was just on point as to what I was wanting. I will certainly be going again to Beana from here on out! The price was the same that I have been paying so th

1 46 Misty did an amazing job. Did a beautiful job adding highlights and lowlights! The cut is awesome, taking off about 4 inches of damaged ends. She worked on my hair from 3pm-7pm and was only $135, sooo affordable. Will definitely be back to see Misty!

1 47 I love giving new businesses a chance,  Joey, the owner took great care of me. His customer service was excellent and he went above and beyond to make my pedicure experience relaxing and enjoyable. I got the basic pedi and there was nothing basic about it. it included foot scrub, hot stone massage all for 25 bucks. you cant beat the price. I didn't feel like I was rushed at all. Some places want you in and out,  I inquired about the gel pedi which I am used to paying 50 plus dollars for and here they only charge 40. I plan on making this my go to nail salon. Don't judge the inside. it is a little bare as things are still fairly new and slowly coming together. I say give this place a chance, Come see for your self!

1 47 Just moved here a few weeks ago from across the country so I'm brand new to town, but I was in desperate need of a cut  Went to a place my mom and sister-in-law recommended and absolutely hated it.  So I randomly picked a name off of Google and called Platinum hoping they could fix the disaster on my head. They took me on a SUNDAY at 6 p.m..!  I was so happy since I hated my hair so much and really didn't want to walk around with it!    Can't remember his name but the guy who owns the place (and cuts hair there as well) was super friendly and helpful.  Lisa actually did my hair and she was also very friendly and sweet.  And she did an AWESOME job.  She fixed it perfectly and I ended up with the exact haircut I had wanted in the first place.  Also, the price was totally fair and reasonable.  The salon itself was ultra modern, very hip(ster), very cool.  But the usual snobby/snotty attitude that goes along with that look wasn't there at all, which was a welcome change.   Highly recommend

1 48 As soon as you walk in you are greeted by a very friendly and courteous front desk.  The waiting room is very inviting and comfortable.  My appointment was with Veronica who is extremely pleasant and professional.  This was the first time I had waxing done and Veronica made sure all my questions were answered and made me feel at ease. The prices are good, it's easy to get an appointment, the location is simple to find and there is plenty of parking....what more can you ask for! I will be returning.

1 49 Got my hair done here by Tammy & she is amazing! Super friendly and she knew exactly what to do with my hair. Also the price is reasonable :)

1 43 I'm not a mani/pedi person. I went with my aunt who got a pedi. My manicure has not chipped yet in four days. The prices were reasonable, everything including tools are clean. Lots of polish to choose from and they don't look old or gloopy.  The gentleman who took care of me turned up the football game for me to watch and shared a nice conversation with me. The only thing I didn't like was the cuticle cutter wasn't as sharp as I'd like and pulled on my skin a bit instead of cutting. I'd go def back.

1 1 34 They did a nice job.   Price is right.     I've been there a bunch.  Not much hair growing back.  Beats waxing. I'll be back.


 ###### Service  negative ######
1 3 I would give this place one star for customer service but I'm giving it 2 stars only because my nails turned out nice...  my original nail shop is in green valley & ever since I moved I was being lazy to drive all the way there so I decided to check this place out.. I just wanted to change my nail color (shellac) so I called and asked how much would it be and the guy said $20 so once I got there I picked out a color and told her I wanted silver glitter on the top. She picked out the glitter that was more pricey and didn't even tell me it would be another $5 charge.. I knew it was gonna be extra $5 because I get my nails done all the time & usually get that kind of glitter so I didn't mind but I feel like they should tell a customer ahead of time if there will be more additional charges.. and so when it came to paying she charged me $30 to just change the color without a manicure.. I asked her I thought it was $25 for shellac nail color change & the glitter and she made up some excuse w

1 1 Definitely not used to the cost difference from Cali to here.  It's almost double.  I would expect it to be perfect.  I came here around New Year Eve, because it's close to home.  I called right before coming in for an full set acrylic.  I was told they have a spot open, so I came within 5 minutes.  There was a misunderstanding, when I got my nails done.  Basically, the tech I had first was told I'm getting a manicure with gel.  He did seem like he was in a rush.  He didn't ask me what I was getting done, he just started to do my nails.  No communication whatsoever.  Then when he asked which color I wanted and started to paint on my soft, raw nails.  I stopped him right there and said, oh, I'm getting a full acrylic set with gel.  I came in with acrylic that he removed with the tool, not even soak them or file them down.  Well, he got really upset.  Got up, grabbed his stuff, and said some things in Vietnamese about me didn't tell him the right service.   I speak Vietnamese fluently bt

0 2 Yesterday was my first time ever for a facial at Aveda. The salon is really nice and clean. The spa is on the top floor and it is very quiet and relaxing. The staff is super friendly, they offered me tea (and I dont even like tea but this one was really good). The girl who took care of me was Eva. She is super nice and friendly, and she did a fantastic job. She makes you feel very relaxed and comfortable and her massages are amazing. The facial was 70$+tip. My face is usually extremely red after a facial because I have very sensitive skin, but yesterday was not bad at all. The extractions doesn't hurt compared to other places. The only cons would be that the don't extract milia around the eyes, and I would have liked a deeper extraction. Very good experience overall. I will definitely be back!  *UPDATED: All the skin products I bought (cleanser, moisturizer, toner and essential oil) gave me really bad allergic reactions. Be careful if you have sensitive skin as a big number of Aveda pr

0 3 I went to see Denise today, after a lash disaster at Beyond Beauty Lashes, and she did an amazing job. She kept apologizing for the uncomfortable removal that was due to the other salon gluing the lashes close to my skin as well as the massive clumping she had to work through one by one.   Denise was so nice and really took care in the removal and application of my new lashes and I love them! CLL is well worth the money to go and get a professional that knows what they're doing to apply your lashes. Beware of the fakes. I had to learn the hard way before coming to my senses and going to CLL.

0 5 My go to hair salon.  I had a hard time getting an appointment here for a cut and color but it was well worth the wait. They don't overbook their stylists so they concentrate on only one customer at a time. I've never had to wait around for my stylist. The stylists there pay close attention to detail and I always leave satisfied.   However the store is very small and a little bit cramped and they do have a 15 dollar minimum for the card machine.

0 15 *editing my lower review*  After speaking with Deanna, I am altering the review since they are franchised and I wasn't aware (my bad), although communication on canceling could use work... After weeks of attempting to sort out an issue only Yelp could really get attention my husband could have used on day one...   The massage therapists are attentive and I enjoy each massage. Much more relaxing atmosphere than other massage businesses... I hope to use this facility again once we have time and the extra funds.

1 5 The dude who did my mani/pedi seriously acted like  he was doing me a favor. Not to mention his SLOPPY work. This spot had been my "go-to" but I'll be on the prowl for somewhere new. The new ownership was painfully obvious. Avoid.

0 6 I've been looking for another nail salon after a previous one botched it really badly and needed them removed. After seeing the good reviews, I wanted to try this out.   Facility: Mostly clean when you walk in. They use a fresh towel for each client which I like, but do not use new files & sponges nor do they sanitize the drills before each client. I also do not believe they wipe down the tables with any alcohol after each client, but the table looks clean when you sit down. It seems rare these days that nail salons would practice good hygiene because money is tight.   I got a gel polish removal and a basic manicure. It started out with Jenny that filed the gel down, but got up halfway to tend to another client that walked in, then Nancy came along and finished the service up. I'm not bothered by it much, but wish there was some communication because I was a little confused as to what was going on. Total cost was $31 paid with cash.   Nancy did very well in getting all the polish off, 

1 7 I have been coming here for years and I have to say most of the smoothies are good here. The last two times I have been here the guys working behind the counter are too busy talking with either their regulars or friends visiting them. Today the smoothie I got was so sweet and not even what I asked for I was super disappointed. The guy who helped me was not even paying any attention to what he was doing because he was too busy talking to someone. When I walked up to the counter he didn't even stop his conversation to help me instead took a brief pause and raised his voice just enough  so I could hear can I help you. I gave him my order and as he finishes my smoothie walks out from behind the counter still talking to his buddy and proceeds to hand me my smoothie I smurked a little and then he realized he didn't even charge me. Wow! I don't expect people to roll out the red carpet but come on really a little attention to the customer and what you are doing would be much appreciated! I wil

0 11 I had Trish. She did a gel manicure for me. Unlike other nail salons, it does not chip on the first day. It's really pretty inside. I might go back for a pedicure. $25 for gel mani and $5 to remove gel from before. I think they need more nail polish colors. I felt like they didn't have as many gel colors as other salons but that is my only complaint. I am new to Scottsdale and have yet to find any nail salon that I'm loyal to.

1 8 My daughter went inside to ask how long the girl said right now, she said OK and went to to tell me as I parked my car.. Then we waited and waited, I asked the front desk girl,  I thought right now? Girl forgot to ask for my daughter's name, so others went ahead...ok...waited a bit then got seated, in room with older chairs and dirty as well...she wipes down .. now it begins..both of us decided to get  45.00 service,  most expensive one, my person went to open a plastic case of tools..while two others doing other peoples feet got tools opened in sterile envelope, along with my daughter ..I stated to her I would like that as well and you are supposed to do so for each new person...then had to also ask for new file and new buffer, also items each person is required to have per health dept . Person begins my pedicure, doesn't clean sides of toes thoroughly, doesn't scrub off callous properly. Left over undone areas, so had to get redone at another spa, I usually go to but decided to try h

1 10 I have had mixed experiences here. For the most part it's been good. I normally get the deluxe pedicures which are awesome. I recently found Nick who is amazing. I did not know my ingrown toe nails where so bad. The previous time I had went apparently the service provider didn't remove them so I had a few huge ingrown nails. Again Nick does a great job on manicures he get all the excess cudical skin. One issue was I tried out a gel manicure and the gel was chipped a week later. I normally don't get gel I grow my nails naturally so I do basic manicures with clear polish (color polish always chips right away.) I was really disappointed that my gel chipped off. My natural nails don't chip ever, so for gel which is supposed to last 3 weeks to a month it was really disappointing. I had to pull off all the gel nails so then my real nails where fragile underneath. Took about a month for them to get strong again. Also once I tried to schedule mani/pedi and a wax in. They brought me back (like 

1 11 I had said I wasn't going to go back here but someone gave me a gift certificate for a mani pedi. I loved my pedi even though I know it won't last long from past experiences.   For my mani I decided to upgrade to their SNS, which is supposed to be healthier alternative to acrylic. It has potential to be good but the lady did such a rush job and was so distracted the whole time. She glued my finger to my nail, filed down the top of my finger, ripped up one of my cuticles, didn't even clean up most of my cuticles, didn't clean up the nails after and didn't even give me a hand massage. I still tipped her because I'm not an animal! But for reals if someone is paying for an expensive service I expect the person to give me VIP treatment, instead I felt like she couldn't get me out of there fast enough.

0 33 Very fashionable interior!  Very comfortable!   This was my first pedicure and I wanted to go someplace where the employees spoke English as their first language.  Also someplace where snobbery didn't abound.  Fuchsia is all this and more.  Talented staff, excellent service.  However... my pedicure was a gift and I don't know how much they charged.  Seems like it would be expensive.

1 12 I found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try.  It is close to my work so I went during my lunch break.  I had a hard time finding the place.  According to the address numbering it should have been on the Southeast corner, but it is actually on the Southwest corner behind SuperPawn in the strip mall.  My first impression upon entering was that this place is ghetto.  They had couches and 8 or 10 barber chairs.  Everything seemed run down.  Most of the leather was cracked.  Hip hop played on the radio.  I chose not to judge the book by its cover and give it a try.  Only three barbers were working.  There was no check-in station.  A barber called me over and we began.  My barber, Cal, worked quickly but did a good job.  He seemed like a cool guy.  I did not like how they used compressed air to blow the hair pieces off your head and shoulders.  It was too loud and made my ears ring.  All stations had that set up so I assume it is standard practice there.  Cal said the place has b

1 14 I went here during spa week for the first time ever and had 2 service.   Firstly, this place is kind of hard to find. Its detached from the actual hotel, its in a weird office looking building to the east of the hotel and there is no real signage telling you where to actually go.  When I checked in I let them know it was my first time visiting them. There was very little "tour" given. As in, I was shown to my locker and wasn't even told how to function it, had to ask one of the other spa goers. They had a steam room (which is tucked in a weird corner in the locker room), which I didn't even know about until the end of my visit after I was fully dressed and ready to leave, which totally bummed me out, had I known about it I would have taken full advantage of it.   My first service was my massage. It was one of the worst I have ever had. The guy seriously talked THE.WHOLE.ENTIRE.TIME. Oi Vey! aaaaaaaaaaand he seriously worked me over so hard that I was sore for 2 days afterward, I've nev

1 15 I really wanted to like this salon. When I moved here I was trying all the area nail salons to find the best fit.   The pedicure chairs seemed to be a little bit older and not well cared for.   Many women were offered beverages, but I think they forgot my friend and I so we had to ask.   The positive - we were able to walk in on a Sunday and get appointments immediately.   The salon folks were very nice, but my nails chipped quickly.

0 15 TOURIST TRAP TOURIST TRAP.  Overcrowded.  Uncomfortable  You can get exactly the same products at different places.

1 16 I not only make it a point to visit the spa at the hotels I stay at in Vegas but I also love to pamper myself with massages and spa visits here at home so I am seasoned a spa goer. I also know a good massage when I get one and I did not get one here. I spent $150 on a 80 minute Swedish massage and they added a $30 service charge to it which is unbelievable considering I feel like that was not earned. I am all for paying a service charge because the spas in Vegas charge them and I typically tip on top of that but this time I did not. That service charge was more than enough! Ok time to break this down for you.   Front desk (check in): Ok this place was off to a bad start because of the experience with checking in. I had an appointment and I arrived an hour beforehand because I planned on enjoying the spa a little before my massage. I arrive and the lady behind the desk is already helping someone. Well what was going on here is he was looking for his wife who I guess was in the spa area.

0 17 Just got back from getting a mani/pedi here for the first time. I was promptly seated to start my gel mani. The tech was Amanda...very sweet lady....she did exactly what I asked for. She did put like 3 or 4 top coats on hands which was weird.  She also did my gel pedi, which was great too and did the same on the top coats.   So at other places I've been to the gel mani is usually $30 and the gel pedi $35.  Minor cons: I'm used to going to any nail  shop and asking for a GEL mani/pedi and not incurring extra charges....however at this shop GEL is an add-on to ANY service. Therefore I paid $15 for the regular mani plus $20 for the gel so $35 total for gel mani. I didn't get a hand massage or anything else on this regular mani and I didn't look at the manicure menu to see what the regular $15 mani includes.  My pedicure was $45 with the gel add-on and I did get  a nice leg massage.    I will be updating my review in a month or so to see how long this mani/pedi holds.

0 18 I was sceptical. As a self-proclaimed hair dresser slut, I have not been able to stick to one stylist since I moved to Toronto back in 2001. All of this is about to change!  I tried being loyal to the last place I went to but sadly my appointment procrastination led to no availability for a Friday morning walk in. I decided to play hairdresser Russian Roulette, get on the subway and let Yelp be my guide.  Parlour had an impressive 5 stars and 13 raving reviews so I figured I would give it a try. Suzie, my stylist was awesome! I didn't feel like I was getting my hair done so much as I was hanging out with an old friend. She thinned out my bangs and I left with hair that looked naturally nice and not "soccer mom hair"!  I will definitely come back!

1 20 I apologize in advance for the lengthy review, but the circumstances I believe require some explanation.    Our initial experience started very poorly, maybe as bad as it gets for a hotel.  My wife had a conference here for three days and we decided to make it a pseudo vacation and I would tag along.  So, our room was reserved long in advance with the group for the conference.  We live in Ohio, so the flight was long and we didn't arrive to the hotel until 1am.  The night manager basically told us he was completely full and there were no rooms available.  So arriving as late as we did, having no idea where we were going to stay AND having no transportation to get my wife to here conference which would start in about 7 hours to say we were upset was an understatement.  After about 20 minutes of arguing, it we were set up with a hotel about a mile away.  This still did not go over well for me, but by the following day i chalked the whole thing up with poor communication skills for this n

1 21 First time I went it was really great. Second time was awful.  Second time I got a full set with gel and art. First as she is applying the tips I notice one of them is very crooked, I point it out she tells me don't worry I can fix it. So I point it out again when she applied the acrylic and she acts surprised and then has to file like hell and makes it so uneven. It was bad. Then she applied so many coats of gel my nails were a thick hot mess. When I complained about two of them looking awful she got mad. 4 hours including a pedi. And my nails were a wreck. Two days after I had them done 3 nails came clean off while I was at work. How does a brand new set just fall off? I called and asked for a refund, was told no problem. They called me the next day to do the refund to my card that was 3 days ago and still no refund. They lost my business.   Also just an FYI: Any place that charges extra for the manicure part of a gel manicure should be suspect.

0 23 I might have wound up with 4 stars here if I had come for a vacation.  Alas, this was a business trip so, I didn't get to sample much of the resort types of things like I would have on a more carefree trip.  The location is right off a busy highway but, once you turn into the resort, that kind of fades away.  The rooms are all part of separate two story buildings surrounding the center of the resort.  Many of the rooms have balconies that overlook the center of things which includes a lagoon type area, nice pool with hot tub, fire pit and comfortable looking chaise lounges to relax in.  Lots of natural flora around to enjoy and there seemed to be tons of staff walking around and all were very friendly with warm greetings.  The room I was in felt a bit dated but was OK overall with that hipster Kimpton hotel feel to it which I enjoy.  Bad planning in the bathroom relative to how the door and toilet are situated and, my shower dripped the entire stay which necessitated closing the bathro

1 24 Very quite on a Saturday.  But when they are busy they have plenty of stations to get you done. I don't like how they have their nail polish set up. Hard to see all the choices.

1 26 I thought it was going to be really amazing here but .... not really. 1. I got a perm and my curls are not lasting very long it's been a month and most of the curls are gone.  2. my scalp was hurting a lot after the perm. I've gotten perms before and it was the first time it actually hurt.  3. the hair cut itself was just so so i brought photos but were not very helpful...   I recommend this place to anyone who wants to have a Japanese style.

1 27 Goes without saying that the quality of the work at Cherry Lashes is great due to the level of training they receive.  Usually they have great customer service as well, but that was not the case on yesterday at the Henderson location.  I scheduled myself for a fill regular.  The lady at the reception greeted me by saying, "When is the last time you were here and let me see your lashes".  This woman literally inspected my lashes to see if I qualified for a fill.  I WAS SO INSULTED AND DEGRADED.  Turns out that they somehow created two separate profiles on me (not my fault) so the lady at the desk did not see that I was a regular at Cherry Lashes since the day the Rainbow location opened.  The record in the account that she pulled up showed that I had not been there since July.  So basically she was accusing me of trying to steal services.  For me this was the equivalent of a store clerk asking me to empty my pockets.  I asked to speak to a manager once I got in the back to show her that

1 29 Yikes.  So wanted to love this place since everyone was super nice.  But alas the end results were not thrilling.    Pedicure: tech trimmed my nails big two are "crooked" ...  Nails:  one broke ...I have acrylics and rarely break them.  But within 24 hours, the nail cracked like  glass ...then broke.  She also failed to glue my nails to the "tip" to minimize separation and the likelihood of water getting between my natural nail and the tip.

1 30 I should have learned my lesson the first time. I used to only get pedicures here after they messed up my nails the first time and the gel peeled off within the same day. I didn't say anything The first time and paid my other salon to fix. However this time I was in a rush and didn't have time to go to two different salons so I let them do my nails again. Again a disappointment. Peeled off the same day. What is worse is this establishments idea of customer service. I called to get them redone and they couldn't fit me that week, but was told that a manager would call me. No call. Called several more times being told a manager would call me back for a refund. No return call. Tried to send an email. Invalid email address. Virtually this is a take your money and run business. A business that lacks such reliability and consistency should not operate especially at the rate they charge.

1 31 have came here only by force... very rarely do I encounter a kind associate who is looking to assist... I literally stood/ walked about waiting for someone to assist me with a hidden product and I was amazed how no one even bothered to look at me. usually the cashier associates are nice, but man can a girl get a greeting when she walks in??  I felt more like a suspect than a guest wanting to make a purchase.

1 32 The person who originally does my nails had to cancel on me because her son was sick and they didn't have any availability with the other nail technicians and being that I was leaving town in a few hours I was desperate to get my pedicure done so I called this place and asked if they could get me in at 1pm. The guy on the phone told me that I could and I arrived 5 minutes early. When I walked in and said I had an appointment at 1 the girl looked at me like she didn't know what was going on and didn't say anything so I was like do you want me to have a seat or what and she finally was like oh you can follow me. The color selections they had were horrible so I was going to settle for the most neutral thing I could find. The girl who sat me down tells me the guy doing a pedicure next to me will be with me shortly; he barely was just getting the clients feet out of the water but I sat and waited patiently. While waiting the client next to me had to repeatedly ask the guy to clean off the p

1 33 Hit the spa with a girlfriend and we enjoyed orange blossom pedicures.   Now I have to admit I imagined our feet  were going to be sloughed in fresh orange peel with orange blossoms floating in our foot baths while we awaited  buzz worthy  Mimosas but my imagination was just that and our visit was still great.  We enjoyed spectacular  sweeping views of the valley and their golf course  while our tootsies were being beautified by the Talking Chicks at Talking Stick,  the gals were really friendly and genuine which was nice.   I did have a sliver of  unprofessionalism upon 1st impression at check in. ( They checked us in but didn't tell us they would give us a tour maybe that's just an automatic for massage clients so we went checking it out on our own but when we came back to check on time they asked if we had an appointment. (huh?) Hmmmm, not sure if receptionist was having a senior moment or rasta moment?  Either way the  impression took a bit  away  from the refinery of it all.   We 

1 34 I have been getting my cuts here regularly for the past three years by Joe (chair one). Great cuts for the most part though he is NEVER friendly and I always tip 5. Last three visits he soaks my head with spay bottle and makes sure I get a ton of hair down the back of my drenched shirt. I can handle the grump factor but "no mas". Russell where are you? Manesee you soon.

1 36 I had a massage last Friday.  I had purchased a package and I had one left on the package.  I called to make an appointment and informed the person on the phone that I was coming in to use the last massage on my package.  When I showed up to check in, the check in was quick and easy, "Oh yes, you're all set".  I sat down to check my messages and email in the phone and to turn the phone to vibrate in consideration of other customers.  I had Lodema for my massage therapist and she was very good.  My trapezoids were very tight and so she worked on them quite a bit and got them to release.  I highly recommend her as a massuese.    HOWEVER, the drama all began with the checkout.  That's when they tell me I don't have another massage left on my package.  I told the receptionist that if that was the case, I should have been informed at the time of check in so I would have the opportunity to make an informed choice about whether or not to incur the services/expense.  She gets Julie on the phon

1 38 ***12/5/2012*** RESPONSE TO NICOLE'S LOVELY COMMENT  Thank you so much for proving my point. I am so sorry, I didn't know I had a deadline of less than 3 days to get back to you.   I mean I am just at the ready to give you more of my time and money to waste. Are you kidding me? I am a very busy Mom who does not need to drop everything to answer to you.  In this day and age you need to make sure you have your facts straight because everyone has proof of what is going on during their day. I can upload images of text messages I sent during my appointment proving times, what happened and that no, there was no lunch and no children at it.   I am not the type of person to let someone take advantage of me as a customer and then try to slander my credibility when I speak up about a bad experience.   I couldn't figure out how you had such high reviews but I think I get it now you bully people into changing reviews.  Here are my responses to your numbered inaccuracies. Proof can be provided if a

1 39 I think Asian Legend made a very smart business decision when they decided to pander their $15 discount card in their restaurants, because every time someone asked me to go eat in an asian place, we'd end up at Asian Legend, as they get the discount.   This was my first time at the downtown location. I was pleasantly surprised by the English service, which is non-existent up in Markham and North York. The pleasant hostess led me down to the basement eating area, which was well decorated in the typical Asian Legend fashion. Our service was mediocre, the food was typical.   I didn't like how loud all the patrons were, from tiny children to obnoxious mid to late 20s.

1 40 This place ruined my eyebrows getting them waxed here the girls don't know what they are doing and they just kept telling me "it's okay it's okay" no it's not you ruined my eyebrow,

1 42 I was looking for a new nail salon the other day, and based on the reviews I thought that I would give this place a try. I do have to give them some credit because it was a Saturday afternoon and they were very busy, but I can't say that I was all that impressed by this establishment. The salon was clean, and so were the tools, however, if you are not a regular client don't expect them to pay much attention to you. I only received a pedicure because a wanted to try the place out before I made a commitment to this salon. They did a nice job, however, I don't think that I will be going back. Its a shame that they ignore all of their new customers, because I was really looking forward to make this my go to spot for my custom acrylic nails. I guess the search for a new nail salon continues!

1 43 Came here in December during my vacation and they did awesome on my nails. I got my boyfriend to do his first mani / pedi--he opted out of the pedi and the lady who made his water got irritated. Before you complain about a customer, make sure they can't understand Vietnamese like you do. I'll still come back though : )

1 33 I had my first long pixie with Emily here and she did a perfect job! Everyone loved it and of course I totally loved it! She is too good to speak with as well, very friendly! it was around 90-100$ that I payed. I had a long hair, so it was a big change. I would say I don't mind paying for that. However the next time, I went to trim it, and still had to pay the same which was heartbreaking.

1 44 Kindness.  We were wheeling my 96 year old dad through Southpark Mall and he complained about a torn thumb nail.  The nail needed to be trimmed and filed.  Passing Avalon, I went inside and explained my father's nail condition, asking if they would do a one nail job.  Reluctantly, the older woman scowled a yes and said, "One dollar."  And then assigned one of the young women the task.  OK...I went outside, got my dad out of the wheel chair and, holding his arm, brought him inside.    The staff reaction was immediate.  The designated woman indicated, graciously, a seat and returned with a sterile pack of instruments.  She studied the nail, clipped and filed it to perfection.    As I reached for my wallet she said, "No charge."  But I gave her two dollars "for luck," thanked her, nodded to the old lady and helped my dad out.  I was very favorable impressed with their courtesy, the sanitized pack of instruments, the cleanliness of the interior, the nice tables, dryers and foot soak-er cha

1 45 Today was my first trip to Divine, and I already know that I'll definitely be back. I could tell Jasmine was really confident in her craft; and the results showed. I was breathing pretty heavy after the first few minutes- the chairs weren't at all comfortable and I was tightening my abs to refrain from moving when she was threading- she asked me if I was alright, and I told her the chair was really uncomfortable and she quick to offer me a pillow, which really helped. She went back 2-3 times on each brow just to get those little itty bitty hairs that other threading shops just let get by. After she was done, she massaged aloe into my brows- this was the icing on the cake.  The only reason this place wasn't a 5-star establishment were pretty minor; 1) Jasmine didn't ask how I wanted my brows shaped- something I know some women are particular about and 2) she had issues entering my LivingSocial promo and could tell she was a little flustered- the problem wasn't handled gracefully (she en

0 46 Me and my best friend use to go here often before I moved. My favorite manicurist moved :( about when I did I should find her out here she moved to this area. I just had my first pedicure ever and wow I am ticklish. This place is very clean. No and again I go back here when I hit town with my best friend.

0 35 They have a "People Love us on Yelp!" sticker on their window, and I really think they stole it from some other business that actually deserved it. When you see this sticker on a business's window, it is usually quite apparent why people love them so much. This place.....I don't really know what's to love so much. I, too, purchased the Groupon that was $99 for 6 laser hair removal treatments in 2 areas. When I called to schedule my first appointment, the receptionist was pretty nice to me, and she was able to get me in within the next week. I have done 5 out of the 6 treatments so far, and I am very pleased with the results. They advertise their laser as "painless." Well, it's definitely NOT painless, but as the treatments go on, the pain decreases with each one, and it's really not that bad. I would recommend laser hair removal to anyone that I know.  I have had 3 or 4 different technicians do the treatments on me, since I never requested a particular person, and they have all been fe

1 47 I needed to get my nails done and I was crunched for time. My usual nail spa is always so busy and my go-to Nail Tech was off. I tried this place because they do use builder gel. I came in not that long after they opened and was able to sit down with a tech right away. Minus one star for the tech always have to take phone calls and getting up out of their chair to review appointment times.   The space is quite large with several pedi-spa chairs lined up against the wall. Several "hand" stations lined up against the other side of the wall. The nail color selection was not quite as large, but they had a decent selection of nude colors that I did like and did take note for future references.   Aside from the Tech getting up several times to take calls and check appointment times, they did finish quickly. That was a pro; the con was when my nail broke within 3 hrs of getting them done. I didn't want to return to get it fixed because I didn't feel like the work was good enough to warrant a 

0 36 The best smelling & cleanest nail shop I've been to in awhile! Although they take walkins I would recommend making an appointment. For a Wednesday all techs were busy.  The main reason I ventured out of my norm was bc of SNS - the new, safe & easy way to obtain gel nails without the UV light damage. It is the same cost and they offer endless amount of colors. One thing I did notice & remember this is my first time so not sure it's the norm is the color is less pigmented & if you look closely it resembles sand specs but still offers a smooth surface.  Update is to follow to make sure it meets all my expectations & provide a reason why you should or shouldn't try it. See you in 2 weeks!

1 48 I called a week later to see if they could update my gel nails & they were rude on the phone and were going to charge me way more than any other place.  I won't be going back there again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

1 49 First time trying this place out. I seen a groupon ad for $20 for a haircut, blowdry and a deep conditioning treatment.  I asked for layers and to do the conditioning treatment.  Fran was super nice! She gave me the layers I ask for.  However, I did not receive a conditioning treatment and it went rather quick. I feel like my hair is too thin on the bottom from her cutting so much off.

1 46 I used to get my hair cut here, but the gal left, so that stinks.   I would probably buy more when I'm there, but the shelves and displays are always a mess.  Many times, what I'm looking for is out of stock.   I do wish the employees were more willing to help me find something, if I haven't been able to locate it.  And I'd sure appreciate a friendly exchange when I'm paying.  I never walk out of there for less than $50, so a "have a nice day" wouldn't be too far from appropriate

0 17 Just got back from getting a mani/pedi here for the first time. I was promptly seated to start my gel mani. The tech was Amanda...very sweet lady....she did exactly what I asked for. She did put like 3 or 4 top coats on hands which was weird.  She also did my gel pedi, which was great too and did the same on the top coats.   So at other places I've been to the gel mani is usually $30 and the gel pedi $35.  Minor cons: I'm used to going to any nail  shop and asking for a GEL mani/pedi and not incurring extra charges....however at this shop GEL is an add-on to ANY service. Therefore I paid $15 for the regular mani plus $20 for the gel so $35 total for gel mani. I didn't get a hand massage or anything else on this regular mani and I didn't look at the manicure menu to see what the regular $15 mani includes.  My pedicure was $45 with the gel add-on and I did get  a nice leg massage.    I will be updating my review in a month or so to see how long this mani/pedi holds.


 ###### Service  positive ######
1 1 I've been massaged in 4 states by dozens of masseuses over ten years. I have received sports massages, Swedish and deep tissue. I consider La Vida to be a very good facility and Angel to be a very competent therapist. For more than 6 months I have gone once every 3-4 weeks.  I work out regularly and consider a massage a great way to heal sore muscles and low back pain from sitting at a desk all day. After my old therapist moved to Florida, I began the annoying process of trying new ones. Some have trouble dialing up or down the pressure. Some can't get the low back pain out like others. Some reek of cigarette smoke. Some are lazy, using one hand at a time instead of two.  Then I found Angel, who is quite competent. If you wanna chat, she'll chat. If you want quiet relaxation, she'll put you at ease. If you say "I hurt here", she will solve it. I consider one of Angel's attributes to be the fact she can dial up or down pressure just BARELY, and maintain that. She can find where it hurts

1 1 Thank you to the friendly staff and always beautiful nails, never a wait for me but I do go earlier in the day. The nice accommodations to the kids is a plus, hot coffee or the tea is another plus. Come here and you will leave looking fabulous. Thank you Melinda for the friendly service.

1 3 Basically the only place with the people I would trust with my brows! They're so great at what they do & my brows have never looked better. I came in for 3 appointments so far in the past & I can't wait to go in & see them again! I never felt so confident walking out of an establishment such as this. They also keep their work stations very clean & tidy. The staff is also the friendliest around!

1 4 Best pedi I've ever had. Perfect massage! Literally perfect. Kim was amazing! Will be requesting her in the future.

1 5 Great Nail Place! It's very rare that you find a nail salon with great customer service! This place has it all... super friendly staff,  great color choices, and awesome designs!  I booked an appointment with Tina based on the other Yelp reviews and she did not disappoint! She's extremely talented and takes her time to ensure she does a good job.   I will definitely come back (already have next appointment scheduled)! Keep doing what you are doing! Thank you!!!!

1 6 I booked this place for my wedding. They did an amazing job on my nails and the gel nail polished stayed on until after the honeymoon! I liked the service so much I went back after my wedding for a new pedicure. I was kind of a 'difficult customer' with both appointments, so for me that speaks a lot to the staff that they did not give me any crap and assisted me professionally. I'm really appreciative of that. P.S. The only 1 star review for this place on Yelp is kind of untrue. While I was getting my second pedicure I noticed a diverse range of people. This place does not discriminate.

1 7 Decent Massage Place.  I've had 7+ massage from here.  I'm a member because my work will compensate me for massages.  I really like the private rooms and heated massage table.  I wish the music was loader and something other than Native American wind instruments.  Some Spanish Guitar would be awesomely relaxing.  Most of the time you'll get a good to great massage.  The best "elevation" is the hot stone treatment.  The foot scrub is just them rubbing salt scrub on your foot for about three minutes.  The face massage only last about two minutes.  The staff is super nice and friendly.  They do make you feel like they want your business.  The waiting room is a bit small but comfortable.

1 8 I see Aafka here and she's great. Everyone here is licensed and that's SO important to me because as an athlete I'm going to these places to be fixed during competition and not really for much relaxation.   Hours are great, there's parking and the places is clean and professional.   They have hot stone massage, aromatherapy and some other offerings as well. What I signed up for was a monthly payment package that actually makes getting massages a great deal AND keeps you there at least once per month which is exactly what I need.  Take time out to try this place, you also have Panera right next door to enjoy a coffee after as well as a parking lot which is busy but makes it so easy to pop in and get some serious bodywork done.   I"ve only lived here 1.5 months and have been 3 times.

1 9 I've been a client now for five years since we moved into the area. They have a very friendly staff, a full range of services, and great selection of polish colors. They are pretty busy on the weekends so I recommend an appointment, but they also take walk-ins. I don't go to anyone in particular, just whomever is available when I stop by.

1 11 Check in time stated 4pm our room was not ready until 6pm. We enjoyed the pool and the staff provided complimentary drinks coupons. Our reservation was by phone and we requested the late checkout at 4pm.  I have always wanted to stay at Fire in the Sky and wanted to give them a fair chance. I love resort stays! *****Unhappy Surprise -lobby staff AKA- the smart mouthed blond kid behind the desk- told us the next day "you won't be able to check out late-for blah blah reason and that is not on your paid itinerary." My husband attempted to work with him but he clearly doesn't care about his job or the resort For the most part staff is very helpful and the rooms are clean. The resort is smaller so it is was far easier to walk to the pool then other resorts.  My daughter and I spent  quality time together and finished off our Labor Day stay by indulging in the tiramisu by the pool.  The dessert is made when you order and very worth it.

1 12 I've been here numerous times now (monthly!), and stand by my statement that M Lovely Nail has some of the best quality, talented nail artists and craftmanship in Toronto.  I've been to TIPS Nail Bar, the 10 Spot, and more bougie places, yet have never received the kind of customer service and attention to detail that I receive here at M Lovely Nail.  I'm picky about my nails and who I trust with them, but at this salon, nails really are an art, and all of the staff here treat their customers with care.  For my nails, I like to see Tony and Quan.  Tony is so talented with nail designs and french manicures, and Quan is excellent at shellac. I always get so many compliments after seeing them, and my manicures last forever!  My friends have requested Brandon and have had great reviews for him too, so I highly recommend just about anyone at this salon.  It's a hidden gem in Toronto that definitely deserves more attention. I'd give this 10 stars if I could! :)   Location: Right by Yonge/Blo

1 13 Maria and Elizabeth are nail professionals who will insure a delightful experience in their newly opened salon near Old Town Scottsdale. Daughter and I had sea salt mani pedis this week and our polish remains shiny and in tact after shopping and swimming days. The salon is a boutique salon with the owners actually doing the work (something I love) in an immaculate surrounding. In a day and time when nail salons are popping up over the city, this is one I would recommend and return to time and again. It's also a fun salon, and the ladies are interesting and fun to be around.

1 14 I come here because of Trini! She's always amazing at doing her one of a kind technique of organic gel nails. Definitely worth it to come see her and get something especially blended just for you. She's very personable and a great conversationalist. Like a friend doing your nails.

1 16 I've tried so many different nail salons in town and this is the only one I keep going back to. I lucked out and got Trish the first time and since I loved her work, i continue to go back to only her. This is the longest I've maintained my gel manicure since I usually stop going after I get discouraged from a bad job, but after many months, I'm still going back. I haven't tried anyone else other than Trish, but they are all always busy with repeat customers. The salon is clean, nicely decorated, has good massage chairs and offers water. Color selection for gel polish is fine for me, but I know some others have complained that they don't have the best selection. So far, I've loved every color and Trish continues to do a great job.

1 17 Michele did a great job. It was my daughters first time getting her eyebrows waxed. We walked right in and was seen right away. Michele eased my daughters worries. She did such a great job. Her brows look great. We'll be back when it's time for a clean up.

1 18 I am updating my review because I got my eyebrows waxed there for the first time and was very happy with the job that Tammi did. The renovations to the place are really nice as well. They made my favorite place to get my nails and toes done even better and now I can add eyebrows to the mix. They always do a fantastic job and I never have a complaint.

1 19 The only salon I'll go to! Dottie is my main gal, always going above & beyond with my crazy-colored locks - although everyone there is awesome! So warm & welcoming as soon as you walk in the door.

1 21 I was on the hunt for a new nail salon and ran across Lavish nails here on Yelp. The reviews are all honest, they gave the best pedicure I've ever had and Nina did a great job on my nails! I've found my new Salon.

1 22 Mai is the greatest. I lost my nail lady when she decided to stop doing nails. I work at the salon next door so I decided to give it a chance.  She is SO friendly and remembered me and always gets me in right when I need to.  Great customer service, great work.

1 23 Another FABULOUS experience! This time with Vanessa. I am so happy to have found this gem in town! Friendly staff, professional, clean, I absolutely love them! It's worth driving from the opposite side of town for my appointments every month, they have certainly made a loyal customer out of me :-)

1 24 This Salon is beautiful.. Very clean..people are friendly... Diana Hackett is amazing....great nails ..great Pedis'

1 25 I've come here multiple times and usually make my appointment online so I always get whoever is free. Someone different every time. It's really hit or miss. One girl messed up my Bikini wax twice. I specifically told her twice what I wanted and 2 appointments in a row she apparently didn't listen.  The next time I asked for someone different and got Elena who was great. Got every last hair!  The time after that Elena wasn't working so I got someone else, she was very nice, but missed quite a few hairs even though she spend double the time on my wax. My most recent appointment was with Danielle who was great and very personable as well.

1 26 I have been going here for about 8 months now, and every time I have left more than beyond happy! I usually just do walk ins and never had an actual " nail girl" but I def just found my girl! I had an appt set up with someone who was actually on vacation, ( i didn't mind nor did I understand the goof up) but I was then passed on to Layca, and OMG!! I wish I met her sooner.   She was so persistent on making sure I was relaxed and I loved that part. Her massages were amazing, and beyond that she was very sweet and had great insight on my toe pain. And once she cleaned everything up and took her TIME I had NO pain at all! I work two jobs and I am on my feet all day, and the type of shoes I wear at both don't help the way my toes grow naturally, so she curved the corners and kept the top flat across! I was there for over an hour, that's with my appt starting on time, and receiving the royal pedicure.   Clean salon, very happy and helpful employees, I love it here. the best part of it all i

1 27 I'm usually pretty hard to please when it comes to getting pedicures but I was pleasantly surprised with how great of a job Bella does. She's very gentle and fast but is very accurate with her painting of nails. I get french tip and it's pretty much perfect every time! I'm so happy that they're located right around the corner from my house. :)

1 28 I needed a good place for a pedicure and after reading several reviews on Yelp about this place Dyanna L and I gave it a try.   Since I got there first they warmed up the water for us while I picked my polish. They were sweet enough to wait tell Dyanna got there to start my pedicure. Meanwhile the water was all warmed up and I stuck my feet in and felt the wonderful jets! It felt amazing! Once Dyanna got there they started our pedi's and they even worked in Dyanna's other friend. All three of us were offered water which is always a nice touch in my book. I was super impressed with my pedicure. Every place I've been to in the past ends up hurting me because my feet are so sensitive, but they did not hurt me once. I was also excited when they massaged our legs with hot rocks, Talk about feeling pampered! It was great not to feel rushed after they painted our toes.They just let us sit and finish talking. Tina was so kind as to help me get my flip flops on. Super sweet of her.   Their pric

1 29 I decided to go here as a friend went to Hair District and the girl did a fantastic job! I called up on a whim one afternoon and was able to get an appointment straight away.   I was about $30-$35 for my hair cut and I left feeling great. Excellent head massage while I got my hair washed. The stylist really listened to what I wanted and recommended a good length to suit my face. She was meticulous, yes it took almost 2 hours for my haircut, I managed to read 5 magazines in that time but honestly I cannot praise this place enough. I have paid $70-80 for a hair cut and left the salon feeling robbed and unhappy with my experience.   The bed like chair at the wash basin...ugh bliss I could have fallen asleep.   The staff are welcoming and friendly and had remembered the time before when I was with my friend.  Once I find somewhere I like I will be a loyal customer! Next step is to get my coloring done here but I do not doubt for a minute that it will be perfect!

1 30 Love , Love my nails Kayla! I was just driving by but needed a nail fix bad so just thought to try this spot out and is very happy that I did.   Kayla is very friendly and you can tell she takes pride in her work.  Very caring and made sure I was satisfied.   She recommended some of her favorite colors so I ended up with a whole new color change up and I love it!

1 9 This is the perfect place for a "staycation." Ugh, I hate that I just used that term, but it is the correct one to use.  Firesky is a beautiful resort, nice pool, service, rooms, and all.  Very nice firepits and free wine, beer and other drinks during happy hour.  I live in Phoenix, so it was a nice weekend away while still being near home. If I'm coming from out of town though I may want to stay somewhere a little more modern and swanky.  It's less than a $5 cab ride from Old Town Scottsdale, so in other words it's free. Are you a teacher? If so, check out their teacher discount offers. Pretty sweet deal.

1 31 I was heading to a different nail salon but the road was blocked off due to police activity so I decided to come here instead. I hate going to a new place when I haven't check reviews but I was desperate. I walk in around noon on a Saturday afternoon and to my nice surprise the place isn't packed and there was no waiting. I picked out a color, and there are a lot to pick from, and headed to my chair. They have a ''menu" of different services and I decided to get the deluxe Pedi for $35.00. It was probably one of, if not, the best Pedi I have ever gotten. And that includes the one I paid $60.00 for last year at a high end salon. The time that they took made me feel valued and I feel that I got great service. The sugar scrub, hot stone massage, and hot towel wrap was very much needed. This is my new go to place. I highly recommend it to anyone. Unfortunately I did not get the name of the gentleman who did my Pedi but he was awesome.

0 32 Cleanliest Walgreens bathroom out of all VEGAS on the strip at least.

1 34 Dr. Docasar is really nice and makes you feel safe and comfortable. Going to get a Pap smear is never considered fun, but she is extremely professional and makes it quick and painless. She is very thorough and makes sure she checks everything necessary.  Her office is clean and the staff is very friendly. She is conscious of her patients time and doesn't make you wait forever. I wish other types of doctors were as considerate as her.   I highly recommend Dr. Docasar if you are looking for a gyro in the Henderson area and I am grateful for doctors like her who care about their patients.

1 35 My MOST favorite place to get anything done.  My wife loves this place, the staff is very friendly, the place is very clean and MOST IMPORTANTLY, they don't try and hurt you.  I have never had a pedicure where they did not hurt me until I came to this place.  Amy the owner runs this place like a well oiled machine and everyone works hard to make the customers happy.  I have sent a few people here and they have NEVER been disappointed  If you are looking for someone who will take the time to and expertise to make sure you get an amazing job done on your nails, look no further as LV Nails is the ONLY place in town I will recommend to anyone.    Perfection is not just a word here, but a goal they strive for and hit every time.

1 36 I received the best pedicure ever from a man named Ricky at Scottsdale Lavish Nails a few weeks ago.  As an ex-ballerina, my feet have taken a beating and are also extremely ticklish. I have received 4-5 pedicures prior to this one and was uncomfortable with each one. Ricky was amazing, and very sympathetic to my needs. My pedicure lasted two weeks, which is a lot considering I work out every day and even take 1-2 dance classes per week.  I would highly recommend this salon!

1 37 Came here for a gel manicure I was in and out in less than an hour, Lily did a great job!

1 38 I came in for a haircut earlier this week. The salon looks amazing and Hiroki does an amazing job.  I left the salon looking and feeling refreshed!    In terms of pricing, it was $69 for a haircut before tax and tip; which isn't bad.  It's very good value for the quality of the haircut I received.  As usual they offer a range of services like perms and colour, etc.  The location is a bit inconvenient now that I've moved, but easily accessible by transit and there is parking on Grosvenor (between Bay and Yonge).  I will definitely be back.

1 39 Friendly, very clean and lots of color choices. Had a pedicure with Miley and she did a great job and did not skimp on the services or products. I upgraded to callus removal and got the spoil me rotten pedicure which included a leg mask and generous foot and leg massage. I asked for additional callus scrubbing for certain spots and it was received well.

1 40 This is hands-down my favorite business of any kind in Las Vegas.  No one (and I mean no one) has ever done my hair or makeup the way I like.  All that changed after my visit to Platinum Entourage on April 28.  Of course, I chose one of their busiest days of the year to go, but I needed to be dolled-up for a wedding.  I do not normally like what I see when I look in the mirror, but WOW.  Jordan and Todd completely transformed my lifeless, short straight hair into you see in my profile photo.  The makeup team was very detail-oriented and I was shocked at the magic they performed upon my face.  Never in my life have I received so many compliments from both friends and strangers alike.  Do yourself a favor and go to Platinum Entourage.  Unrivaled customer service!

1 41 In my business travels, I've endured a LOT of salon services in major cities, and towns big and small. I can say with 100% certainty that Todd and his team of stylists are THE BEST in the business! BEST haircut and BEST color/highlights/lowlights I have EVER had! (Check out my headshot next to this review; that cut and color happened just days before that professional photography session.) SO NATURAL. SO BEAUTIFUL. I trust this salon completely and cannot recommend Todd and his team highly enough!

1 42 I remember feeling reluctant about getting my eyebrows threaded because of my first experience that was years ago, but once I walked into this place, I was practically won over.  The ladies greet you once you walk in, and since one was free from clients, she asked me what I wanted and needed right away. Soft-spoken but super nice.  I liked the way she prepped, which I don't recall from my first experience at all (powder they rub in the desired area before threading). She also gave me instructions on how to close my eyes or whatever while she threaded and shaped my eyebrows. Afterwards, she rubbed aloe to soothe the irritation.  So yeah... Overall... I'll be coming back here at least once a month.

1 43 This place is under new ownership. It has been for about 2 months... I know this because mine and my moms nail lady Lindsay, that we have been going to for years, took over this shop and is now running it. :) Her husband and sister also work there with a few other awesome employess. All of them are talented and true artists. My mom and I have NEVER had more compliments on our nails. They all do great work. My mom is now driving 30 minutes one way just to go to Lindsay. Yes! She is that good. (I work close by where she opened the shop so I got lucky lol) They have tons of designs to choose from that they hand paint and they are great with designs to meet the needs of every season! They do waxing, facial massages, pedicures, manicures, gel, powder.. whatever you need. They take walk ins with little or no waiting time. Never have had a fungus or any issues like that whatsoever. The place is very clean and decorated beautifully and the massage chairs are awesome! :) Looking for top quality

1 44 My friend and I had to go back to Good Foot Spa after we were done with our exams. This is such a relaxing place! I called Vivian (manager) and she was happy to book us an appointment with such short notice.   Ahhh all of our knots on our backs and shoulders were gone. They girls are super nice and helpful as usual.   After reading all the reviews and if you haven't tried it yet, go now! call Vivian first tho, shell totally hook you up with the yelp discount and give you an appt time!

1 45 ABSOLUTELY AMAZING. I made an appointment for a haircut correction. My hairdresser Matt Rose totally nailed it. He was very positive & not one time did he say an ugly thing about the previous stylist or the cut; which I admired. My hair feels & looks a million times better! Both him & Justus were sweethearts & can definitely cut & style some hair! Everyone that left their salon looked like a star. I know where I am making my next appointment! Can't thank them enough.

1 13 I had the pleasure of visiting the Spa at Talking Stick again with my finance after receiving a nice note from Steve Gerken, the Director of Hospitality, after not having a great experience at the resort last year. To welcome us back for a second visit, he offered a gift card and it remained on my fridge for nearly a year before we could plan a return trip. By the time we were able to go back, I realized it had expired. I reached back out to Steve to see if we could have the card reinstated and he quickly replied and offered to leave a new card at the front desk. So awesome! He did warn me that this particular weekend there would be a pool party and that they had expected over 3000 people to attend. I thanked him for the warning as we had originally planned on making it a pool day after our spa treatments. We decided it wouldn't be a big deal and that we would come home afterwards and enjoy our own pool after our treatments.  I called the spa to partake in the Spring Training special o

1 46 I was looking for a nail salon closer to home, and man I feel like I hit the jackpot! It was so easy to call and make an appointment! When I walked in I noticed how clean it was and how everyone kept saying they couldn't wait to be back next time. Everything was sterilized and pouched appropriately. They have soooooo many colors to choose from and they were very thorough with all details of the manicure.   I'll definitely be back!

1 47 The service and quality is fantastic. The massage chairs are so nice. I'm a creature of old habit and get a gel french, and every time they don't disappoint. Pedis I get usually something with sparkles and they always help me achieve the color I want.  I read reviews about massages - and I agree. Depending on who you get, or their time, massages are off and on. Tip to Pink Polish - your customers have already been there for most likely an hour, so a few minute massage goes a long way.

1 48 first Brazilian wax  I booked it with Mary (the owner) due to all the reviews that rave about her.   -she was quick (20-30 minutes) to do Brazilian, underarms and stomach -a bit of hair was broken -the aftermath led to white heads everywhere down there that went away within a week. After a week it was nice and clean -she talked to me and made the process very comfortable -i did hear from friends that usually the waxer plucks the leftover hairs, I did not get that treatment here.   Overall I would come here again to keep waxing because it was a good first time experience!

1 49 I very rarely, rate haircuts places because, I have become accustomed to mediocre! However, I met Stephanie today at Great Cuts!! She was very focused, asked alot of questions and was extremely engaging. I have been a life long customer of SuperCuts but, I will certainly be coming back to get my haircut done again by Stephanie!! She is the bomb.com!!

1 50 Being new to this whole make up world...this store can be a bit more overwhelming.  However, I was told by my friend...who is a makeup junkie (seriously) that anything and everything I needed could be found here.   Well she didn't lie, this store has it all perfume, makeup, nail polish and a salon in the back. The staff was super friendly, they all kept asking me if I needed help or was finding everything okay. They gave me really good suggestions and I left with some pretty cool stuff...lip sticks, foundation, eye shadows and some brushes.   They also have a reward card, so you get points for all that you spend, double points during your birthday month and other cool offers.   Overall, I would recommend a trip here!

1 19 Customer service was excellent. They got me in really fast with no wait time and offered complimentary wine during my visit! I was really blown away with how lovely the staff was. My gel nails peeled away and didn't even last a week, so that was pretty disappointing. :(

1 19 OH my....$20 for a mani pedi and a back massaging chair??  WOW.  AMAZING place.  LOVE LOVE LOVE it here.  I take all my friends and family here.  Even my hubby's been in.  They are quick, thorough, professional and cheap!!  It's almost always packed in here, but they always get you in quickly!

1 28 Quietly enter into serenity of the mind, body and soul! QC Reflexology is much more than a massage it's an experience! It's the most relaxing and enjoyable experience you can have with your clothes still on! I received a gift card from a fabulous friend and  I definitely regret not using it sooner because the massage I received was amazing! I'm a busy gal but that's no excuse, I just didn't realize they have such phenomenal hours! They are open 7 days a week, Monday through Saturday 10-9 Sunday 10-7pm.   I honestly was expecting the typical "massage parlor" experience, the initial awkwardness of  deciding how much of your clothes you want to slip off before you partially slide under a sheet, trying not to lose that same sheet as you roll over,a dainty fingered massage you can barely feel even after requesting a deep tissue massage, feeling like you didn't really get your hours worth.   QC Reflexology lets you leave your clothes on, (comfy clothes recommended) except for your socks and 

1 27 I feel preety, oh so preety I feel preety and witty and bright And I pity any girl who isn't me tonight  I know, I know... the song lyrics are "pretty" - not "preety," but I can't help but think of that song as I think about my experiences to date at this threading salon.  It's really amazing how much prettier a simple eyebrow threading can make you feel.  I am extremely pleased with my visits to this salon.    Located in the Sprouts shopping center at 32nd Street and Indian School, nextdoor to Giusseppe's, this salon takes walk-ins and they are fast!  You can be in and out in 10 minutes!  The women working there are experienced and I've been super pleased with the results.  The best part?  They are super cheap!

1 35 Happy Ending?? ..sure did feel like it!  The Good Foot Spa is like the hole in the wall authentic chinese restaraunt that you love going to after 12am kinda' Massage Parlor!  Sure, they use paper napkin cut-outs for your face, they do talk on the phone while they service you and you do get lost in translation every so often, but so does your fave after 12am chinese restaurant!    They start you off with tea and crackers, then they soak your feet in a bath of hot tea water.  You get your choice of a full back massage or foot massage or a mix of the two.  Whatever you choose off the menu, your masseuse will begin with a 10min facial and "ear" (to the fellas who like ear rubs) massage appetizer.. made my leg twitch.  I specifically requested for a female masseuse.  I expected a very "finesse don't wanna break my finger nail" kinda massage, but man she was worth every penny!  Her rub down was relaxing where it was necessary and bone breaking where it was needed.  I even dozed off for a qui

1 37 I went here for the first time after reading the other reviews and I was pleasantly surprised that they were all telling the truth!   If you know me you know how picky I am about getting my nails done and I would absolutely return here.   I had made an appointment the night before thankfully because this place filled right up when they opened at 10 am.   My daughter and I both got an express pedicure (standard pedicure with no massage) only $18. Great Deal!  All their instruments are autoclaved for sterility and then individually sealed, I liked that.   We were offered bottled water. That was greatly appreciated!  The girls that worked there were all so friendly.  The decor and atmosphere were super cute ,definitely more of an upscale feel.   The only thing I didn't like was the foot paddle that they scrubbed my feet with, it was a flat metal one with a rough sandpaper texture.  I don't have any callouses at all and my feet are pretty soft but after getting a scrub with that metal padd

1 28 I went there last night and got a one hour European facial and a one hour Swedish massage for $109. That's a total of 2 hours! So if you ladies want to get pampered AND disappear for a little from your significant others, this is probably the best thing that can happen. Though that special is for first timers only, it was still worth it. I was extremely satisfied with my facial, but the Swedish massage could have been a tad bit better. Realize, it was my first time ever getting a massage so she decided to go medium on me. Nonetheless, it was a phenomenal experience and I will definitely go back there.

1 30 Love this place! Everyone is extremely friendly, and the space is superbly maintained by being clean and carrying a very welcoming presence. Came for some simple waxes, but I will definitely be back. Very affordable, too. Fabulous! :)

1 31 Great service and nail techs but personally won't be back for a 35$ pedicure with regular polish and they don't scrub your legs. I prefer other places that are less expensive and include a scrub. But if you need to go to a random place for a one time then this place is fine

1 41 Awesome work on full set nails.  5/15/2017 Gel full set and pedicure in less than 1 1/2hr on a Monday Gel nails weren't as smooth looking as usual.

1 35 While looking thru Yelp I found this nail salon and went in to check it out. It's clean, new, and filled with friendly staff. I went in needing a pedicure and there was no wait at all. They offer a small drink menu....which includes water, coffee, tea, etc & wine!!! All on the house. There is plenty of spa chairs for pedis in the back area and quite a few areas up front for nail services. It was $30 for a 40 minute pedi and includes hot rocks that were amazing!! I will be back for more pampering.

1 39 I booked a same day appointment for Friday at 1:15pm and they took me in right away. Amelie was very polite and friendly. The salon is very clean and spacious. I would recommend this salon to my friends! Shellac mani is $30 and they don't cheap out by only putting on two layers!

1 50 First off, I give the customer service a 5. The owner was the one who took our over-the-phone reservation. He was super professional and very helpful. When we got there, we spoke with him for about 15 minutes and I was incredibly impressed with the professionalism and level of customer service at a place that offers massages for $28/hr (first time visit).   He gave us a pre-massage briefing that made me feel like I got massaged before his employees even laid hands on me!   However, you're not reading this review to find out about the customer service.   The massage was good, not great. So it gets 3 stars. My wife and I were visiting town. If I lived in the area, I'd go twice a month because it was a good experience.   Recommended.

1 39 Stumbled in here just walking by and oh my god- amazing! Head to toe couples massage with my wife for twenty bucks each! Tipped an extra $20 because it eas amazing. My wife said I even snored lol

0 42 I live two blocks from the mall so it's easily within walking distance.  It's a good size mall with a variety stores for everyone.  You won't be disappointed.

0 44 This is a huge mall which houses a lot of shops but all of them are chains. The mall itself spans an entire city block and even has a church connected to it!    There are a number of shops on several levels including a Kernels, Gap, Sears, Aldo, a florist, and tons more.    The mall can be accessed through two subway stops  Dundas and Queen. If you exit at Dundas then there is the possibility of also going to the mall next door so be careful to exit to the Eatons centre.

1 50 I stopped in here for a pedicure as it's near my house and I figured why not try a neighborhood one.  I was glad to find out that they accept walk-ins and I was immediately seated in a comfortable massaging chair to soak for a few minutes until a technician opened up.  What I didn't expect on this Saturday morning was not only did they show the usual array of reality tv options but one tv was exclusively showing college basketball!    There was a bit of a language barrier with the technician but this wasn't an issue as when you're seated there is a menu book presented to you with choices from basic to full VIP with a scrub.  I opted for the full one with the scrub and loved the results.  It's not the cheapest place I've ever been to but I found the cost worth it for the results and experience.

1 1 Thank you to the friendly staff and always beautiful nails, never a wait for me but I do go earlier in the day. The nice accommodations to the kids is a plus, hot coffee or the tea is another plus. Come here and you will leave looking fabulous. Thank you Melinda for the friendly service.


