 ###### Price  negative ######
1 1 I've gotten better haircuts at great clips for $20.    the girl had no idea what she was doing, and took 3 1/2 hours to cut mine and my friend's hair. and our hair is short. i have a mohawk. could it be that fucking difficult? apparently it was, because i walked out of there with a very uneven, too-symmetrical, crap cut.    the stylist lacked confidence and only after 3 hours of turtle-like speed cutting, did the instructor step in and finally finish my friend's hair.   if you need a basic haircut, go here. this place is a glorified super cuts.

0 2 Call ahead. You need an appointment. But $45 for 80 minutes. Can you beat that?    And the place is gorgeous.

1 3 We have been to a lot of improv comedy shows and this one just did really live up to what I expect to be good improv. The location was good. The price was a little high for the product. seemed more like a place for kids. Could not stand the seats. Could not stand the MC. had some funny parts but the show in general felt dull and dragged on. Would suggest other places over this one like improvMANIA, The Torch, or even The Jesterz if you are looking for "clean comedy". I would not go back.

1 4 Its a hit or miss at this school. The therapist are all very friendly and professional. Even the receptionist is friendly. I've been here 4 times. The very first massage I got was awesome. She did a deep tissue massage and it was wonderful. The last 3 I had were all done while I was pregnant. The first massage was at their old school located on Charleston. I did the 50 minute massage for $30. NOTE: AS OF JANUARY 1ST PRICES HAVE GONE UP $5   WHO CARES THOUGH! ITS STILL A GOOD DEAL.  We will call her MT2. She did ok. She had me laying on my side and most places do that anyways.  MT3 was awesome. He applied the right amount of pressure and got deep. He had me lay face down. The table had a opening for my belly. It was great! Wish I would've paid for a 80 min massage.  MT4 was ok. I told her to go deep and she was still new so she didn't apply it. Oh well. Like I said hit or miss. She also used the special prenatal massage table.  I also found that they do couple massages and stone ones to

1 5 I like this school a lot, but they made the WUE tuition sound so cheap and it is NOT. $12k/semester is not cheap... anywhere haha  So if you're an AZ resident or come from money, you're golden! Or just live in AZ for a year to establish residency and then apply for the semester after your year is complete so you can get the resident tuition which is MUCH cheaper.   I go to Tempe and West, and both campuses are cool! I would definitely recommend because the school is rad and I've liked all of my professors so far!

0 5 My husband and I found this little gem of a theater thanks to Groupon, and the price was good for a spontaneous date night, so we decided to buy it and use it on their midnight improv show (which starts at 11:45PM, be warned!).  We showed up twenty minutes early and were literally the only guests there until about five minutes before showtime. We started to panic thinking we might be the only ones in the audience. Improv is awkward enough... imagine the entertainers performing for an audience of two. Cue cringe. Fortunately, the place filled up right before the show began, and we were on our way.  The place itself is... quaint? Seats aren't super comfortable, there is no stadium seating or anything like that, but the walls are really neat and littered with awards, performers' profiles, and retro posters. There is also a concession stand on the way into the theater. Overall, the establishment on first impression is great, but the theater itself was lacking a little. Kind of blah, like a

1 6 This is great spot to get your hair done. I've gotten hair cut and dyed here and each time they do a great job. The supervisor/instructor is always attentive and makes me feel like I'm in good hands. Why only 4 stars? The prices keep increasing, and increasing, and increasing.

1 9 I've been going to the European Massage Therapy School for a while now and they've recently moved to their new location on W. Sahara that is 10x better than their old location on W. Charleston. While their old location had the bulk of their massages done in a large room with dividers that separated each client, the new location has all clients in private rooms. You can also ask to be put in a couples room if you and your significant other/family member want to be massaged in the same room. They increased their prices a bit, but it is still very reasonable at $30.00 for a 50 minute massage and $45.00 for an 80 minute massage with no contract.  People may get a little turned off by the fact that it's a school where students are doing the massages, but I've never been unhappy with the massages. Just make sure to specify what it is you want and where you want them to focus, and you will be fine. I would also suggest doing the 80 minute massage as opposed to the 50 because 50 minutes seems 

1 10 This place was nice.   It's small and intimate.  The tickets were cheap but my friend couldn't help but complain about the price of the tiny bag of popcorn he got.  As I said it was nice but some things were hit or miss.  If this place was closer to Glendale I would most likely return.

1 11 I think they do great work here.  I have had several different people and most have done "as good as" one of the more expensive salons (costing twice as much) in town.  The ONLY reason for the 4 star rating?  OMG it takes a LONNNNNNNG time. 5.5 hours for Cut Retouch partial and blowdry.  I also think it is terrible you can't tip.  Seems like they could offer the option to flat tip someone- perhaps 10 or 20 dollars?

1 14 I went here for 3.5 years. An education is up to the individual. What one gets out of the whole college experience is totally up to that person. Since the cost is high for higher education, one would think that you wouldn't waste your time in any way here. There were many other activities and clubs (besides fraternities and sororities) to keep you busy, as if you weren't busy already with classes (12 credits was a full course load) and/or a job. Summer term is also available.   It is a decent size campus. Beautiful grounds. I have pictures of my sister with the Flashlight- it's a huge piece of art on campus. The problem with scheduling classes, is that one of your classes could be on one end while your next class is on the opposite end! I got wise after a few semesters to choose accordingly. Night classes were convenient but if you were female walking to and from your car at the far-away parking lots, it was a bit scary. Safety was not a huge issue but there was always an awareness abo

1 15 A little pricey but very excellent instruction. Both my kids went through their programs and loved it. Even after my kids were swimming really well we kept bringing them back because they loved it so much.

1 19 My 150th review!  And I wouldn't have chosen anything else other than my alma matter! Why the 3 star review you might ask? Although I have pride in UNLV, I am well aware of there being better options else where. And no I am not referring to the school up north, but rather out of state universities.  I can start by saying my college experience was rather enjoyable. When you grow up in Vegas, going to UNLV isn't exactly the most exciting thing considering it's the only major university in town and the acceptance rate isn't exactly competitive. Although my first semester I was pleasantly surprised. I can honestly say it felt like a "real" university. UNLV is comparable to the state university system in California. The major plus is that it is a university with division I ncaa sports including football. I respect the university and state because most schools costs almost twice the tuition here and compete in division II sports. I can see why the graduation rate is a bit lower, the Las Vega

0 24 "I am on my knees "oh forgive me"  ------------------------------------------  In A Sentence™ (The) Small theatre where all the magic happens.   Quick Review™ +   Greats arts at absurdly low ticket prices. It feels like one is robbing them when it comes to the live entertainment per dollar ratio.   +   Possible to watch a live stageplay -- with props* -- for less than the cost of a movie. (*Blood spurting everywhere.)     ------------------------------------------  I can't believe it took me so long to patronise the Onyx. I lived in Vegas for entirely too long before making it over here. Forgive me, Onyx (and whichever god/patron saint is supposed to be for the arts).   Seats are old, but it's an old, lil' theatre (so it'll be that way).   Parking is free, but it's Vegas (so it'll be that way).   Concessions are cheap.   Tourists No tourists here* -- naturally -- since it is so far from the strip. (*Except the ones at The Green Door.)  Kids Not good for kids. They can't handle the camp

1 20 Penrose Academy is a world renowned Cosmetology and Skin Therapy academy located in Central Scottsdale. My wife is a recent graduate of their Skin Therapy school, so, as a supportive spouse, I've spent a little time here having treatments done. Having never been to a skin therapist in the past, I can't really compare the prices here versus at a spa out in the real world. However, according to my wife (and every woman I've ever talked to about this), the value you get by having treatments done at the Academy is nothing short of phenomenal.  Just before my wife graduated, I told her I was going to get a haircut at my usual place. She reminded me (oh so subtly), "Hey, dummy! My school also cuts hair." The thought had never really occurred to me to have my hair cut at a beauty school. I always knew these students needed practice, it just never occurred to me to have them practice on MY hair.  Now, I'm somewhat particular about my hair and overall appearance. Nothing on a "Narcissus" level,

1 21 I'm a huge fan of Hubbard, and this facility is nice and new. However, this is our second experience at Hubbard, and I prefer the n phx location because the teachers are much better, IMHO. I'm actually disappointed, as this location is closer to us, but if I'm spending this much money, I'd rather drive further for the better teachers.

0 30 I wish I could give this place more stars because well, I really wanted to like the place because it's so darn close to my house and the services are really well priced for a facility that is clean with a modern decor. I've been there twice.   The first time the zone 2 girl was extremely earnest and told me how passionate she was about hair cutting.  And she was really good- full of energy, eagerness to learn.  And even though she burned my scalp several times while she was blow drying my hair, when the styling was done- my hair looked really good and she looked so eager to please that I could not be upset with her that despite my hair looking good, I probably had several patches of scalp toasted enough to be red the next day. The second time I went back, I got another zone 2 girl.  Very nice, good personality but somehow completely lacking in energy.  This sister's scalp massage was so lacking in oof that I felt like flies were in my hair and I wanted to swat her fingers away.   I sho

1 23 I found this on Groupon and gave it a go. It was fun to go something different but I'm not sure I would go back. I didn't find that it was a high level of comedy. I suggest you Try it if you get a discount ticket.

1 24 I am a PC.    I hated that Apple products just looked cooler, felt solid and cost so dang much.  And I refused to drink the Kool-Aid.  Fast forward to 2013 and a new job, where Macs are on every desk.  Being surrounded by aluminum and a ridiculous number of pixels, I thought it was time to maybe sample the Kool-Aid.  I was introduced to the Apple business team and they went out of their way to make sure I got a good swig of what they were selling.  I put them through the paces in the store and on the phone...numerous times.  The average conversation lasted 45 minutes.  Yet no matter how stupid my questions or concerns were, they never got pushy, never seemed irritated and always showed me respect.  So I made the leap and ordered a custom build MacBook Pro.    After waiting 2 weeks for it to be built in China and shipped to the US, I gingerly extracted my new baby, powered it up and...the trackpad didn't work.  WTF?!?  I tried everything I could to get it to work and after 2 hours of fr

1 25 There are few things cuter in this life than a bunch of babies swimming together. I love that Hubbard offers free classes to infants who are 2-6 months old. It's a great way to bring in new business and it gives parents a test run of what regular swim classes will be like.  Miss Amy was our teacher for the last 3 months. She's unfortunately no longer with Hubbard but we really enjoyed the time we had with her. Classes are only thirty minutes long which is plenty of time when dealing with a newborn. We've had tears. We've had laughs. It's a crapshoot but always a lot of fun.  My only complaint is the cost after 6 months. Approximately $80 a month for one class a week, I can't imagine we'll be able to financially commit to this until our little one is well past a year old and in a solid routine. Until then, we probably won't continue with lessons until she's older.

1 27 Visitors to Vegas might have noticed that sex saturates our culture.  Since most of the marketing in town depicts naked or semi-naked female bodies, we're just used to commerce and sex being entwined.  Why should our art be any different?  In this way, the Onyx Theatre is the most Vegas of all theaters.  The theater is located in the back of a gay/leather/fetish sex shop (really).  Once you navigate past the sex shop register where tickets are sold to the hallway, you step out into a rather large off-strip theater house that hosts some of the freshest, most innovative shows in Vegas.    Many of the performers from shows on the strip test their material out at the Onyx.  In my few visits to variety shows at the theater, I have seen a man swallow swords and then run a spiral drill bit up his nostril with an electric drill, a comedian in the guise of a Mexican wrestler, a disturbingly-flexible contortionist, and a comedian with a whip.  And Rocky Horror Picture fans can get their fix at t

1 28 Come here for the best massage for your money. 50 minutes for $30 or 80 minutes for $45. Can't beat that.  Usually I can call the day of and still get an appointment. Rarely will I have to settle for a different day. Every massage I've had here is top notch and comparable to massages I've paid twice as much for. It does help that I don't have a gender preference for who I get. Normally I end up with a male therapist. I'm told this is because females are too self conscious to let a random male feel them up, and men are too homophobic to let another man feel them up. I have nothing to back up those assumptions though. Regardless, my lack of preference allows for increased scheduling flexibility. Your loss is my gain.  This isn't the fancy experience you would get at a spa on the Strip, but I don't mind. As long as my massage is great, then I'm happy.

0 31 I guess I expected to be blown away by an average of almost five stars - I just wasn't.  Don't get me wrong, I laughed, and I was entertained, but I was kind of let down.  It's still worth going, but maybe I need to go on a non-holiday-ish day to get the full effect.  We went last night for black Friday - and I suppose I was hoping for a mix of guys and gals - but all eight players were fellas.    It is not easy to be funny - especially when it's on the fly - so I give credit where credit's due, what these players do is not so simple.  That said, I would only give a thumbs up to about half of them - as the other half just didn't cut the mustard.  The seats weren't what I'd call comfortable - like straight from the auditorium from your elementary school that needed to be renovated back in the '80's.  The concessions were plentiful, and reasonably priced - so no complaints there.  The wait staff was courteous as well.    I don't think it makes me a bad person to want more of an adult the

1 46 I'll be up front and write that I don't like to write reviews with low stars because I know no owner ever intentionally open a business intent on poor service and product.  Besides, life is too be happy and appreciative hence my top heavy star ratings.    So you know when I give a one star review, my experience must have been pretty darn awful.  The one saving grace was the student stylist, Brittany Darling~ she was amazing and has a bright future ahead of her.  But I can't handle facing ice queen Heidi during check in or check out or the ego ladden instructor Carrie who despite Brittany and I having a perfectly good time together kept interrupting to show her "authority" ever again.  I just can't take it!  Kohler Academy, 3 strikes and you're out!  I will not be back again as a client!!!!  Plus, if you haven't noted the economy, for a school offering student services, your prices are high compared to all the specials professional salons are offering these days.  Just glancing through

1 32 I'm an undergrad student here, and let me tell you that tuition bites, hard.  However, despite banking own my parents & the millennium scholarship, I love being a music composition major.    I don't know what other colleges offer or how their programs run, but I'm quite satisfied with the music program so far.   Tuition:   Over priced & only going up because of the wonderful state of Nevada.   Professors & program:   Bearable but often times enjoyable within the Music department. Downside for me is that music classes are often 1 - 2 credits per class. It takes 12+ to be considered full time, so I end up taking around 7 classes a semester.  Campus:  It's Vegas. The weather reaches extremes dependent on the season, so is the weather on campus.  The renovations on certain buildings make the campus cleaner nowadays. MSU & the Rec Center are places to hangout if you're not in class.  My favorite part of campus is on closer to Flamingo where all the trees are which coincidentally is where th

1 33 This review is solely off of the bookstores because my experienced as a student here were awful.   I LOVE the amount of resources here. As a masters student at another school, I still come here to do research due to the sheer amount of books available to students.  As an alumnus, it is GARBAGE that we have to pay RIDICULOUSLY inflated alumni fees to even check out a book. That is why it lost a star.

1 34 I purchased a Groupon package discount for this school for partial highlights, pedicure and European Facial for $34.  So far I've had the highlights done and I was pleasantly surprised.  Usually when my guy does highlights I end up coming home and tweaking the color till the brassiness goes away so imagine my relief when I got home, looked in the mirror and I didn't have to do a thing. That was a great feeling! My  guy charges $95 but at this school I only paid $35 ...score :)  Keep in mind this is a school and they are STILL learning this is why you are only paying 1/2 the price.  Something else to keep in mind is TIME.  With my regular guy highlights, cut, blow dry and style usually takes around 2 hours....it took the girl 2 hours just to apply the bleach... total time 5 1/2 hours! Got in at 10am left at 3:30pm. Glad I didn't have anything else planned for the rest of the day but again I only paid a fraction of the price.  Pros: Cheap, cheap, cheap I received decent service but since

1 36 I love getting good deals. I feel guilty spending money on "unecessary" things, such as professional colors. When the Groupon came along, I just couldn't pass it up (50 dollars worth of services for 25 bucks). Although I didn't get my hair cut, I did get highlights. My stylist, Shelley, was very nice, and made sure to find the right color/ style for me. It was very amusing to people watch in this place, too.  My color turned out great, and lemme tell you, I got one of the best scalp massages during my shampoo, too! Although I will tip (and tip well) when it is earned, I have to admit it's a guilty pleasure that they cannot accept tips, because then I don't feel pressured into giving more than I feel they deserve for fear of looking like a cheap skate (although I felt guilty not being able to give anything at all)... does that make me an @$$hole? Probably. haha.

1 39 We recently stopped into the Apple store after months and months of research and picked up a new iMac.  We knew the computer would be awesome.  We chose this one instead of Arrowhead (we are about equal distance from both) because we could just walk out and put it in the car, instead of having to lug it through a mall with all to see.  The people were pretty good, we went in once before to look at the computer before buying and the sales rep that helped us actually talked us down from buying a more expensive model, that saved us about $400. They even took it out and set it up with us in the store so it was just plug and go once we got home.

1 40 It's expensive to go to school here, but I love it.  The campus is small compared to other large colleges. Parking SUCKS. You have to go really early like before 10 or it's packed. The math teachers pretty much suck... I had really good english professors. Ratemyprofessor.com is pretty on point for their teachers. I don't hate it, but there are so many things that can be improved. I mean, where's all our money going to anyway?... Oh I know, those random little ipad screens in front of the study rooms that just say the room number and have no purpose whatsoever.

1 41 This place has the cheapest prices I've found....cheap even for a beauty academy.  I got a package deal on enamor . com so I had quite a many services here in one day.  If you are looking for a relaxing spa environment, look somewhere else, not a beauty academy.  For me, though, I would get a beauty treatment at a bus stop if the price was right.    Facial: $17 for a 75 minute facial.  Facial was just OK.  I prefer Marinello, you can't beat their facials. They have a better diagnostic machine to look at your skin and did a great acne treatment on me.  Here it ws simply a moisturizing facial.  Good, not great.  Pedicure: $16.  Awesome!  Reallly long leg and foot massage.  The student did a perfect solid color polish.  Manicure $11.  I got a french manicure.  After much work by the student, the lines were still prettyoff-centered.  Just ok.  (Note:  the mani and  pedis are cheap, but they dont have good polish brands.  Bring your own if you must.)  Hair deep conditioning treatment and st

1 43 What a shithole. Ruined my college experience FORever.  I had ONE good professor. My FIRST semester. Take Mr. Pizor for PoliSci (PSC 211). He's great. I still have his cell number years later.  After that, it was all downhill. I lost my millennium not because I'm an idiot that couldn't bullshit to save her life, and it's not like I went out and partied til 2 am. I had SHITTY instructors.  Ones that didn't show up to class and there wasn't a note on the door. Ones that only gave powerpoints (people learn in a variety of ways, I can't stare at your stupid screen all day). Teachers would hold class when they SAID there would be no class. They tested us on the opposite of what they said they would (in-class notes v. book).  They cut spending, raise tuition, and I come back to school and see exactly where my money went (yes, MY money, not my mommy & daddy's money). The campus police got new Dodge Durangos and pimped out Segway scooters.  Meanwhile, I have instructors that are still in schoo

1 45 I've had my fair share of massages in different countries. Vegas massage places seem to have a membership system often times, in which you can get an introductory rate averaging $50-$70/hr, and then it jumps up a great deal unless you commit to a monthly membership.   I called around, and with skepticism, decided to try this place. I was specifically wanting deep tissue massage due to my severe lower back pain.   Here, you can get students who just started, to those who have graduated and are awaiting their license. I got a massage with someone who had finished their studies.   I won't say it's the best massage I've ever had but for $45/80 minutes, you can't really complain or expect the best. My masseuse was average, but did the job well enough to relieve the pain, which lead me to knocking out as soon as I got home.    My back pain is back after 24 hours which totally sucks. I think I'll have to seek a professional and shell out the higher prices to have a better massage.   The front

1 48 As an apple believer I was a bit disappointed this round.  It's usually hard to be disappointed in retail but I made my appointment for a screen repair. Was told a price but was made to believe it would be cheaper. Went for the screen replacement and was told I needed to buy a whole new phone. I've broken many a screen but this transaction felt awful. I was told the phone was too bent after it was looked it for 1min. Honestly lame. I don't wear skinny jeans and I'm not sure how it was too bent for repair after 3months of ownership. Whatever it is it just felt bad. Needless to say I still rock apple products without disdain.

0 39 I really like this as an inexpensive place to bring your kiddos for the afternoon. It's not the zoo, but it your kids will like it, and they can get very close to the animals. You can pet and play with the goats, which my nephew really likes. They have an huge number of exotic birds and fairly recently built a nice aviary for the toucans and parrots, and an entire house dedicated to talking macaws. Last time we came, there were several friendly horses and ponies, which seemed to enjoy being petted. Some of the enclosures leave something to be desired, but it's a charity run on donations and volunteers, so if you think they should be improved, you might leave a little extra.


 ###### Price  positive ######
1 1 I really appreciate that the owner took the time to reach out to me after my last review. I really had a bad experience and the fact that the customer satisfaction is taken so seriously made me feel wonderful. I was comped a massage in lieu of the bad one, and ended up with Rony, a therapist who came highly recommended from the staff. My massage was very good and seemed to be an adequate "make up massage" comparatively, but it still wasn't great. I give the European massage school 4 stars because it really is a SCHOOL of aspiring professionals and they have not mastered their skills just yet.  Overall, staff is amazing for working with me on this one, and the price is very exceptional for the amount of time you get on the massage table.

1 2 This place is awesome. We have been coming here for over a year. The students are well trained and massages are at a much friendlier price than private places. The only drawback is that since they are students the same person will only be available for a limited time (usually a couple months before graduating). They also have pre-paid cards which get you an additional discount as well. We cone here on average 2x/month.

1 3 I've been going here for years when they were on Charleston, this was my first visit to the new location. I always receive a great massage, and they will tailor it to your wishes. My first visit back at the new location was no exception. I got a great massage (deep tissue) at a great price.  Students give the massages, and the decor is sparse but fine for a school!  A must try for anyone who loves a good massage and a good bargain.

1 4 This place is great! I got a living social deal for $39 for facial, make up application, partial highlights and hair cut. Wow, right?!   My facial was heavenly. I felt so relaxed and my face feels great! Ive hqd facials done at other salons and beauty achools and this one ranks among the best. And for the price i could easily come get pampered once a month.   My make up application was alright. I asked for a more natural look (I didn't want to leave with bright red lips, etc) so she hardly put anything on. Had to fix when I got home, but I looked at the make up part of the package as an unnecessary extra (a freebie) so I can't complain.   My highlights and cut were done very well. I loved that the instructors were constantly coming around to check in, but in a very casual, helpful way. My stylist was extremely nervous, was shaking almost the entire time and didn't say more than five words to me, but hey my cut and color looks awesome and it was super cheap. Again I can't complain.   Al

1 5 I am having a good hair day.  Why?  Yesterday I went to the Kohler Academy!  It was my 3rd visit, and each time I have walked away happy.  At first, I was hesitant to visit a beauty school - I had never been to one before and remember the things I used to do to my Barbie Styling Head.  Not good.  However, I decided to give it a try and I am glad I did.  The location is set up like a real salon, with kind of an industrial edge.  They use Bumble & Bumble hair products (great!) and the students on the "floor" are all pretty far along in the program (each must complete 1,600 hours of coursework in order graduate).  You receive a consultation, and the student stylist reviews the plan with an instructor prior to starting work.  The instructor also checks in a few times during the visit and looks over the "finished product" before you leave.  While the color/cut may not be the quickest as the students are still perfecting technique, the prices are great and everyone is very friendly.  Give it

1 6 Never went to a cosmetology school before but came on a recommendation.  3 Dermalogica facials later, I am hooked.  A sub-$20 facial for an hour+ is great for my budget, my face, and for the future estheticians of America!  After a skin analysis w/ both the instructor and student, they will decide on the best treament for you and go from there... on my 3rd visit, this particular student gave a relaxing foot massage while letting the masque set.  Immediately afterwards I sched my next appt  before her graduation, b/c I enjoyed her facial/mini-massage so much (thanks Trish)!  Each time the instructors/staff made a point to ask if I had any questions or if I was pleased with the service.  It's no luxury spa experience, but it's a school at reasonable prices, so set expectations accordingly.

1 16 ARGH. Alright... I suppose it is about time to share my secret.   I'm addicted to someone using their magical hands to putting me in a tranquil sleep.  The best place for the money, no discussion, is European Massage Therapy School. If you're wondering why this rather dashingly handsome young man is getting a massage it is because my bed is like sleeping on the floor, in fact your floor may be softer than my bed, and I stand on my feet all day at work duh.   The therapist are students who've graduated the 9 month program and are doing clinic times and what not so have no fear, you won't be getting someone who is just experimenting on you. The therapist are also friendly, have good communication, on time, and very professional. You will be asked to strip into your undies, so... if you're a shy ostrich, this probably isn't the place for you.   The prices are $30 for 50 minutes (Swedish or Deep Tissue) and $45 for 80 minutes. That's cheap. Massage Envy introductory price (assuming you enr

1 7 This place is so awesome!  I love the price and lack of a drink minimum.  It is so entertaining!  I rather spend my money here then at a movie theater!  I recommend everyone at least try this place out....it's a lot of fun!

0 17 All apple stores for the most part are spacious....well lit....products well displayed....and friendly professional service.. this one is no different. Now with all that being said the prices are horrible for what they are....so please for all you apple lover's realize you can do better with your money. A matter of fact I am taking donations...if you just have money to waste or give away....Thanks. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!

1 8 APPPLLLEEEEE!!!!! I heart you. You are the best.   This is my version of shopping heaven. The buzzing people in their pretty blue shirts are my angels.   Clean.  Easy.  Fun (you can play with all the shiny objects).  Stress-less.    I think it is exactly that fun experience that always leaves me a few dollars lighter when i walk out. So, if you are not prepared to spend money on these wonderful gadgets, my best advice is to leave your wallet at home.

0 22 Faster then I thought but it costs a fortune to replace a damaged iPad.  The sheer number of people they help is amazing!

1 9 Love this place. You get a cheap hair color or highlights and it's done decently well. Sometimes it's a hit or miss but it's pretty consistently a B performance.

1 10 First time here and had a European facial with Mikenzie.  It was wonderful and a great price for dermalogica products.  Keep in mind these are students but well worth it. Mikenzie was very nice and professional. Definitely will be back.

1 11 i got a facial here this week, and it was fantastic.  after all the raving i've done about kohler, g started getting his haircuts here and we've both been super happy with the results. i've gotten 4 cuts here, g's gotten 2. i love the scalp massage - super relaxing. i also got a brow wax last time, and i have to say my brows have never looked better.  i LOVE that kohler is swanky without being uppity and that they exclusively stock bumble products. i can't imagine going anywhere else - every student i've come in contact with has been friendly, professional and talented and the bargain prices are the icing on the cake.

1 39 A happy Salon Experience is a rare feat there is always something or the other that you feel they could have done better.My experience here was near perfection. I got my hair done from them haircut,shampoo,color,blowdry and styling the whole deal.My stylist was very professional and pleasant she showed me a variety of options for coloring and explained how each shade would blend with my existing color she showed me pictures of how i would want it styled and what the final hair style would look like.She also refreshed my layers without compromising the length too much. The instructors were vigilant and attentive.I would recommend to be prepared for a little longer than most professional salons(this is a beauty school after all).The prices are unmatched. They use great products like Redken for color and Chi for styling,so that was a no-brainer! The tricky part however is getting an appointment so book well in advance.Once that is done i guess you're all set.I'm definitely going back!

1 30 It's been 20 years since I've been to a beauty school to get my hair done, but when my friend and Kohler student Marcia McGovern sent out a Facebook message inviting us to make an appointment there for her services, I thought I'd give it a try to support her.    Wow!!  I'm lucky to have Marcia as a friend!  This amazing woman, business owner, singer, mother of three sons, and soon to be grandma, rocked my hair-styling world!    I told her I wanted to look like and rock star, and she didn't disappoint.  We did a color, and a cut and style and wow!    Did I mention that Marcia is one of just a handful of people in the state to win some prestigious hair awards?  Because of that she was asked to go to Tokyo! Whoo hoo!  Of course the added benefits of going to a beauty school are that the prices are amazing.  I paid $55 for a custom color, cut and style, which normally would have cost $200.  The flip side is that it takes a little longer than going to an experienced stylist, but I was okay 

1 13 I've been going to Kohler for over a year now and I love it. I get facials, micro-dermabrasion, haircuts and color regularly and have never been disappointed. (My hair is pretty hard to mess up though!) I took my mom and sister over the Christmas break for facials and they agreed that Kohler students do a great job. You can't beat the prices and they also have great products for sale and a new promotion every month. Whats not to love? Nothing!

1 14 HIGH-LARIOUS!   Super entertaining! Super fun!   I took my 10-year-old sister to a show and we had a great time. The actors are brilliant! They were able to pantomime someone doing Jack Nicholson's taxes with a snake pen and griddle paper. Crazy!   You can get discount codes every Friday at 5 p.m. if you follow them on twitter (nctphoenix).

1 15 I thoroughly enjoyed my undergrad education at ASU/this campus! Everything you need is within walking distance and Mill is right next-door. My professors at the W. P. Carey School of Business both challenged me and fostered my growth. Football games are super festive and the atmosphere is definitely that of a college town. There are plenty of clubs and organizations to get involved with and if you are an incoming student, I encourage you to join some!  Keep in mind: if you're coming from out of state, you may be surprised by the price for parking here. However, fork over the cash and you'll be happy you did. I loved having a permit for the Rural structure during my time at ASU and it definitely paid off in the long run with timing and convenience over the further out but cheaper lots.

1 16 Went here yesterday with my boyfriend after a friend from work recommended it . This place was awesome! I was a little bit leary since it is students who are working on you , but in 10 minutes of my 80 minute massage I was relieved to know I had made the right decision to book our massages here. The price is right too, 50 minute massage for $25 and 80 minutes for $40!!!!! We laughed- it was better than the $300 we spent in Honolulu for massages, they even had us in the couples room. This is gonna be a weekly thing for us, check it out, you wont regret it.

1 17 I go here all the time. Very reasonable prices and I've only ever had 1 bad experience with one of the students - and they fixed it for free right away! I would definitely go here over Empire. Empire is cheaper but the students made me feel frightened for my hairdo. Kohler is friendly, accommodating and the students seem knowledgeable. I recommend this place all the time to my friends. I even had my makeup done here once and the girl did an amazing job! Great specials every month.

1 18 It's a decent in state university, know tons of guys coming in and out no problem. Most of them have finished three year degrees and such because it's that manageable at ASU if you're on top of your game.  If you live in state, there are so many opportunities for scholarships, it's basically a free ride if you can get into one of them. After that, it's like any other university - gotta shift through the good and bad professors through word of mouth.  ASU is kind of known as the party school, but the business school is pretty strong here. Given the price you're paying as a resident, ASU is not a bad choice for furthering your education.

1 20 This is completely worth full price tickets and is REALLY worth the Groupon for a fun date night out.   I took my girlfriend to NCT this past Saturday night.  The theatre troop did a great job with their "competition".   They were funny, witty, and a pleasure to watch.   The format with two teams competing to win points and audience applause works well.  The audience is involved and the referee did a good job amusing the fans while engaging them at the same time.    The comedy club itself has a quaint theatre feel with stadium seating, fresh popcorn, soft drinks, and the recent addition of adult beverages.  Overall, this is worth a night out with friends or someone special.  We had a great time.  BRAVO NCT!!!  We'll be back.

1 21 I really like this place... the first time I went was with a living social voucher and loved the price. The deal came with a facial, pedicure and hair color with shampoo and blow dry. I don't coloring hair and was easily able to substitute with a haircut. I also later went for a second facial and haircut without vouchers because the prices are great anyway.  HAIR: Haircuts are ALWAYS hit or miss at the lower end as well as mid range salons. I have very dark thick hair but the texture is great, I don't chemically treat it ever and is easily manageable. Also I only do the standard trim with layers and the occasional razor. I never spend much for haircuts since my needs are simple and my hair is very easy to manage. This simple cut on very manageable hair has led to pleasant surprises as well as heartbreaks. The first student stylist I had was very nice, was committed to what she was doing and with focus and concentration did a wonderful job, with no input from the hair instructor. But sh

1 23 This beauty school is pretty legit. I came here with my mom to get facials and hair cuts/color. The facial was alright...the student who did the facial was great, but the setting felt a bit like the ER with each bed surrounded by a curtain (you know... hospital style). It was also very cold in there. Anyway,  the facial itself felt nice and it seemed like the students knew what they were doing. The hair cut and color went really well. I asked for a specific color and the supervisor said it wouldn't turn out well because the color was lighter than my current color. I then allowed them to choose a color they thought would work well, and they picked a great one. The hair cut just followed my last haircut (you know, nothing drastic), but it looked good and didn't destroy my curls (like so many haircuts do). The only downside was the amount of time the haircut took, but that's understandable given the student was fairly new and wanted to do a good job. The prices are very affordable. I woul

1 24 I come here every couple of months and for the price, it can't be beat! It is $30 for 50 minutes which is all I need sometimes. Please make sure to bring cash if you'd like to tip the students as they cannot accept tips via card.   The students are amazing. Very professional and thorough with their massages. Great pressure and making sure the clients feel comfortable.   My only issue is always with the front desk.  It is a school and I understand there can be hiccups, but they are not very organized and there have been quite a few times where there was a lack of communication between the front and the students. I have been double booked and have been told they are open until a certain time and show up to find the place locked up.  I definitely recommend coming here!

1 25 I never would have figured myself to be the rock-climbing type...so when I agreed to go with my boyfriend to check it out, my immediate thought was "Okay! Go! Get it out of the way. Do it for him and then he'll owe you a favour."  But....I LOVED IT.   We took an intro lesson, that isn't really that hard and doesn't take all that long, rented all our gear and stayed for two hours (you can stay as long as you want) for $35!   I was surprised, most of all, that I could actually do it! And that my cynical nature sort of melted away and was replaced by this other feeling....uh....whadda-ya-call-it? You know! Uh, the opposite of doubt? Confidence. That's it.  A great place to try something new in the city.

1 26 I've tried a bunch of different climbing places (Climbers Rock, True North, Up the Bloc) and this place is my fav! They have very reasonably monthly membership prices, friendly staff and regularly reset their routes. They have quite a few options for auto-belays and a large bouldering section which is nice for the days you can't find a partner!

1 27 I absolutely love the Aveda Institute. I went for my first time a few months ago and fell in love. I got a cut and all over foils for $65 including a tip. I wasn't just getting a trim, I got a completely new style and it was truly the best haircut I have ever gotten. I don't think I would ever go anywhere else. Even though they are students, they are all young and know what is in style and aren't afraid to take a risk.The instructors are walking around throughout the entire process so there really is no fear when it comes to getting a horrible haircut. An instructor also comes over after the final cut and checks out your hair and asks you a few questions about it. They also use a variety of products on your hair and tell you what they are before using them. The products are also amazing so I would definitely suggest purchasing those. An added bonus is the free parking garage across from the salon, that saves time and money. It is a great bargain and I would suggest it to anyone. I woul

1 28 I've visited the Aveda Institue twice now...first time for a mani/pedi, second time for a single process color.  I actually had the same student both times (Michelle if you want to ask for her). She was great with my color - I wanted to get rid of pesky grays and she helped me find the perfect color (close to natural) and did the most thorough job! Like others said, don't go if you are in a hurry...they are still learning and it takes a while. But, for $30 and great looking, healthy color - I am not complaining! There are instructors involved from start to finish, so if you're worried about trusting the students, don't be. They double-check everything with you and make sure you are completely satified before you leave!  The mani/pedi was also worth mentioning...I think for both it was $26 and it was soooo relaxing! Almost fell asleep multiple times!!!  Check this place out if you want to save some money and try something new!

1 29 I went to the Aveda Institute for the first time a couple of weeks ago and I must admit that I was very impressed. I went there for an eyebrow wax but the experience was much more than that. I was greeted upon arrival and the student performing my service was friendly, on time and very professional. My visit included a brow consultation to determine how I actually wanted my brows to look after the waxing and included aromatherapy. The prices are also extremely reasonable. Aveda insures your satisfaction even more by having the instructor to speak with you after your service so that you can critique your experience!

1 30 Been comming here since they opened, as long as you know what you want (or a good idea) and know these are students you are good to go. This trip I had the most amazing facial ever, booked another as a matter of fact. Way better than most full priced facials at other salons/spa... I highly reccomend.

1 31 Well, I just came here for a "training" session as I am climbing down a 200 ft building next week (for realz, - msg me if you want to know more) for charity.    There were two people assisting and they are experts.  They make you feel comfortable and tell you to relax so you are prepared for the day of your climb/fall.    I don't know the price, but highly recommend for the experience.

1 32 Had to get a CPR card so I did it online (reading the materials, etc.).  Scheduled an appointment, show up, walk through the CPR steps using a dummy and a fake baby, pass the test, and card was given to me.  Easy peasy and cost was only $60.  Highly recommend because it's direct to the point and very efficient.

1 33 Great place to get certified! It was a fun, interactive class. Walked away with a digital CPR card. Reasonable cost too. They have other cert types as well, not just CPR

1 34 I've gone to Civello which was part of the Aveda family of hair salons, and thought I'd get my hair cut at the institute instead. My hair cut experience was with a senior stylist and she (sorry I cannot remember her name) was really great.   I will definitely be returning here the location is close to my work and the price is really good. If money is not a big issue then I suggest booking with a more senior stylist if you want a quicker/better quality haircut. They're more advanced in their skills and have had more experience.   Make sure you grab a bite / drink to eat before your appointment so you don't get hangry in the middle of it.

1 36 Favorite place to spend a nice day outdoors. So many beautiful animals to see and you can get so close and interact with them. All the birds are so full or personality and it's only costs a couple bucks to get in so you can afford to take the whole family.

1 37 I took my twin girls here when they were between 9 and 18 months old, it's a great facility with very good prices. We came twice a week for music and gym classes, I personally liked the music classes a lot more. They run specials all the time, I signed up during a special where registration is waived and you could add additional weekly classes at a great discount. I think these classes were well worth it, wish we came even earlier. The only reason we stopped coming is because they are in preschool now.

1 38 I've been to the Aveda Institute in Montreal and Vancouver for a haircut - Toronto was the same great experience. There's always a great little massage before they wash your hair, and first time is also 15% off! Such a good cheap price for a haircut, I had Gritti and she was meticulous and even curled my hair after!

1 41 What an awesome place this is.  We (adults) were charged $5 per person for admission and we didn't mind at all. What a cheap price to help such a neat place.  There were tons and tons of ducks. The pond was so cool! They had exotic birds, they had turtles and burros. Near the pond we saw tons and tons of eggs just lying there it was a cool scenery to see.  I loved feeling like I was out of the "city" for a bit.   The people there were very friendly. They have a wish list of things they need on a constant basis. We brought empty toilet paper and paper towel rolls I mean come on we all use those things so why not save the empty rolls and drop them off even if you don't plan to go inside. They also need real pine cones so next time you are up at Mt. Charleston why not pick some up and collect them in a bag to donate to them.  I recommend everyone experience this place at least once and try and donate what you can!

1 42 We've been bringing our son to this location every week for a year. There are so many great things about Gymboree: active play zones that change weekly, themed classes, friendly teachers, age appropriate classes based on each group's development needs...it's so helpful in teaching physical as well as social skills. Our son loves this place and lights up every time we walk in. If I can help it, we never miss a week. The price is totally reasonable for weekly dedicated classes as well as the open gym time you can take advantage of (we're so busy we don't often take advantage of open gym, but I love that it's an option and the membership is worth it to us even without open gym). If you've been considering adding a new activity to your baby/toddler's schedule or have an only child you'd just like to get into socializing more, I can't recommend Gymboree enough, but really it's going to be a hit with any kid.

1 46 I've been to almost every gun shop in the valley and there is a ton. Been in LV since 09. This is the best gun store around. They always treat me with respect and let me be in there store. If your thirsty they'll give you a soft drink or a bottle of water. Picked up a custom MK47 by CMMG. And a SR22 at a good price.  You know the owner is cool when he walks up and says let me Smell what's cooking! And gives you basically a 2 for 1 deal on a couple of Benchmade knives. Even hooked us up on a fathers day skinning knife also a Benchmade. Ask for a deal they might just hook you up too.

1 47 Although I've only been a member for a week, I'm quite pleased with the JCC so far.  The facilities are clean and the other members are so friendly.  It's more like a family than a fitness center.  I love all the Aquatic Classes and Open Swim time.  I haven't had any interaction with my personal trainer yet, but there were many to choose from, and I've got sessions scheduled with a woman with a Physical Therapy degree.  I applaud the JCC for hiring someone with such expertise since I'm rehabilitating a knee injury.  Also, this place rocks for families: cheap and/or free babysitting, a family room, toddler classes, etc.  This morning I worked out while my husband and my daughter hung out with the kids and mothers upstairs.  Everyone had a great time.  Also, we find the membership prices very affordable.  Of course,our gym in downtown Chicago cost $170/person...

1 48 We joined so our daughter could have swimming lessons on the weekend. Much to my delight, they also have a totally stocked gym with great equipment and a nice indoor pool. This is the sort of place that sort of is what you make of it - many people will join and never take full advantage of the amenities and programs that are available, but I would recommend that you check out all of the things this place offers - it's a great value at around $75/mo for a family membership, especially if you try to take advantage of what the JCC has to offer!

1 49 Knowledgeable and friendly staff. Prices were good and they were even better on their Black Friday sale! Was not pressured into buying nor was I intimidated. Totally recommend this place for the newbie or or the every day carrier.


 ###### Service  negative ######
0 2 Hi, my name is Tigra, and I'm an Apple.  I love Apple. I love this store. I love some of its staff. I make appointments online or via the Apple app on my phone. Sometimes they'll over book and you'll have to wait a while past your appointment time. I'm a pretty patient person, especially when I'm acknowledged, and this is usually this case. I've only had one guy who was rude, never acknowledged that I was waiting, and had the worse laissez-faire attitude. We do not take laissez-faire when it comes to our tech lifelines, mister! Luckily, he was only one amongst dozens.   They've saved my (ancient) MacBook Pro from what I know is inevitable. They have no problems swapping out a faulty iPhone, as soon as they do their obligatory water test. They even replaced a charger that had stopped working on my DD's phone, and we didn't even have Apple Care for that particular phone.   Large store with lots of test items and lots of accessories. Nice view of Scottsdale Rd outside the main window. A f

1 1 As a server here in Vegas we're required to obtain a TAM card (alcohol awareness) which expires after every four years. Annoying, but great to review, I guess knowing stuff like 'how can you tell a person is intoxicated' haha.   I paid $24 dollars for the online lesson which was great because you could go through it at home on your own time. Would have hated to be in a classroom going through all the information which takes about 2 hours straight.   I came to the office to take the final. They had about eight computers to use and it was not busy in there at all. The test took less than 10 min to take and my picture was taken and card was printed right after.   The workers in the office, especially the young girl behind the desk was so friendly. I would definitely come back again to this location in four years to renew my TAM. If I'm still slinging drinks by then :))

1 2 I have only been there one time. I got a $10 manicure during one of their promotions. It was the longest and sloppiest manicure of my life. However, the young woman who worked on my manicure was very nice and they do use quality products. I would not return, but you can't beat their prices, especially during promotions.  UPDATE: Kohler sent an e-mail after I posted this review offering me a free manicure. While I appreciate the offer, I declined. I did want to share with all of you that although I did not have the best experience, they definitely tried to correct the situation.

0 3 Back when I was an undergrad at Arizona State, I took some classes at MCC as to avoid further blemishing my school record at ASU. I had this perception as many others have had that taking certain courses at a junior college level would be somewhat easier than that of a university, namely math and science type courses. I was clearly mistaken and earned a new respect for math courses taught at MCC.   One fall semester apart from my 15 credits at ASU, I also took two additional courses at MCC, a Calculus I class and a technical writing course. I was blessed to be in a Calc. I course taught by a Prof. Santini who began the class with... "are you guys ready to get on the Santini roller coaster of fun?!?" upon hearing that I knew it would be an interesting semester. To say the least, it was more than interesting, although I barely passed, this guy knew his calculus, he had the passion and he instilled his teaching in that he wanted his students to understand the foundation of calculus, so, f

1 6 Annoying to get to since its in a mall, but there isn't an Apple store in the Phoenix Metro area that isn't inside a mall.  If valet parking is your thing it's even easier to get to.  The service is a s expected.  The atmosphere is as programmed by the Apple programmers.  The employees wear blue shirts (red ones at Christmas time).  If you want a Genius appointment and have and iPhone or other Apple device, use the Apple Store App.  You can book the appointment in advance and check-in using the App when you walk into the store.  This allows you to do all of this without talking to anybody  (I don't know why Apple doesn't want you to interact with people but hey they created this "atmosphere").  When your "Genius" becomes available your phone will tell you his/her name and that they are ready (Now you can actually talk to somebody).  You can also use the app to buy things off the shelf and walk out of the store (again without talking to anybody).  Maybe Apple is just anti-social.  Maybe

0 7 I know nothing about wine. Well, I take that back. I do know that when you get home from the bar at 2am and your bestie Andrea asks do we need to open a bottle of wine, your head is going to hurt the next day.  Whether you pick out bottles based on the pretty label/clever name (*raises hand in shame*) or you're a connoisseur, here's your place. Josh and the staff are so knowledgeable and nice. Seriously, I went yesterday to pick out a rosé and was blown away by the girl who helped me. I then sat and drank said bottle with a friend. Mondays are hard. Don't be afraid to ask a lot of questions. They have a great selection and it covers all prices points.   Check their website for upcoming wine events and happenings. Assorted Table also has craft beers, sake, vermouth, bitters, and gift baskets. They will even make you a custom basket to your liking.   Parking: 7th Street Public Market validates parking up to 90 minutes for the 7th Street Station deck. Clock starts running when you print y

1 8 I stopped in Monday morning to get some help with my iPhone.  They were slammed and it took me a while to get someone's attention to make an appointment at the Genius bar.  The technician did a good job of helping me fix my problem.  Then, I had to fight again to get someone to help me pay for my purchase.  Not such a good first and last customer impression when it is so hard to get someone to help me in the store.

1 9 I don't know how anyone doesn't love an Apple Store! It's like a technology playground inside. You may have to pay more for Apple products, but the customer service is second to none. Let me explain through my story as briefly as I can....   My girlfriend's iPhone 3GS died. It worked fine at 3:30pm Friday afternoon, but when we got home and she took it out of pocket at 8:00pm it was dead. She called AT&T to look into what she could. She argued with a customer service person (they were worthless since her contract wasn't up for renewal for 10 more days.. she pointed out that it would be cheaper to cancel her plan and get a new iPhone 4 through Verizon, and they still wouldn't budge). They even blamed Apple for not being able to be more flexible, but we soon learned that was simply passing the buck.   The next morning we called Apple. Even being on hold with Apple is a better experience. The music is a pleasant mix, mostly from the 60's and 70's (a lot of Beatles!), and a recording consi

1 9 I want very badly to leave more stars, for I have received excellent massages at this massage school in the past. However, my experience recently did not live up to my prior expectations.   The student I had was Tania and although Tania was a pleasant woman, she did not meet my needs in the 80 minutes that I had with her. I requested a deep tissue with concentration on my shoulders/neck/upper back. She asked if I wanted the rest of my body (arms, feet, hair, face) massaged and I told her no. She blatantly disregarded my wishes and ended up doing the full body massage, even the hair and face when I explicitly stated I didn't want her to.   I requested more pressure several times during the massage, but that never happened. Every time she got near a knot, she worked AROUND it, teasing my sore muscles. At one point she even massaged my shoulder blade! Ouch!   Honestly, I just wanted this skin rub to be over, and I have never felt that way when receiving a massage. Granted, Tania is just a

1 8 I love apple but if you're new to the brand be prepared for sassy attitudes from the modern day Genius Bar. I used to work for apple and I was always humble at the Genius Bar, this must just be the new trend.

0 11 Went for my bd which happens to be on New Years Eve. The dinner was BAD. The show was very good. 

1 12 I really dislike the Apple Store:  1.) They have a dumb policy where you have to make an appointment even for a minor tech question. They will literally refuse to help you even if there is NO ONE waiting. Of course there are sales people who will SELL you something but if you pull out your product for tech help -- "Nope, please make an appointment even if you just need me to answer 1 teeny tiny question."  2.) So you make said appointment where they rush through your tech issues. Wait, didn't I make an appointment so you could spend the so called designated half-hour with me? I understand I won't be given a half-hour to start up a conversation about the craziness that is the Windows Store and my, what a rip-off of the Apple Store that place is...but please, can someone just spend like 15 minutes answering my questions. FAIL in customer service.   3.) I may be a germaphobe but all the hundreds of hands touching the products and no hand sanitizer in sight? YUCK.   GO HERE AT YOUR OWN RIS

1 13 Its a community college :/  I'm taking CHM I, Bio I, Ballet I this semester.  Academic advising waits: the last 3 times I was there:  2-3 hours long.  The lectures are done in decent rooms.  The labs can use some improvement.  School Policy: rely on your own resources and go talk to your instructor first. (make a list) and THEN they can follow up with a formal complaint if it is not resolved.  Instructor capability: three stars on average.  Chem: Llako... recommended. Bio: Scott Erickson...fairly new, communication and organization needs improvement. Chem lab: Indu Mishra... difficult to understand/ follow, but very intelligent. Ballet I: Sonia Valle... highly recommended. Excellent teaching methods and critique.  Also, read the material beforehand bc some profs have very little experience and they skip around or can't pace themselves.  Campus security go patrolling, but I wouldn't take night classes bc its not the best hood.  Library is kind of small, but the staff are helpful.  Schoo

1 14 It wasn't too bad. I had a very shattered screen that I had to get repaired so I brought it here. I made an appointment and was about 10 minutes late which they didn't give me any grief for. I checked in, spoke with a genius for a couple of minutes, and they told me to come back in an hour and five minutes (at 7:10pm) to pick up the phone. I came back right on time but didn't make it out of there until after 7:40 because the phone was not fixed on time and then it was fixed but in the words of the employee they only had one "runner" to bring the phone out and a table full of people waiting.  I'm not really sure how the roles and responsibilities work at the Apple Store but they had a lot of employees standing around socializing with each other or totally absorbed in their gadgets (not helping customers) you really only have one person that can bring the finished phones out, hand it off to the customer, and accept payment? That's a 2 minute job.   Shattered screen with no phone insuranc

1 15 This school is sort of right down the middle in teaching quality and facilities. Classes, instructors, workload, all seem to fall into the "Ok" rating.  At least the student worker staff and faculty are genuinely helpful, likely because UNLV usually exceeds all other places in Hospitality Management degrees. It's not like in UNR (Reno), where the faculty and admissions are bitchy, I had to sue them for Educational Malpractice in order to get my transcripts down here to UNLV because they kept yelling at me over the phone and avoiding doing their job.  What brings this campus down is the neighborhood around it. Maryland Drive, from Tropicana all the way up to Sahara is known as a ghetto in Central Vegas (along with Northtown and Eastside). We get a lot of meth-head bums come inside the Student Union and do stupid shit like, stealing backpacks, harassing students, and stalking females.  I remember this one particular bum, in a wheelchair that hangs right outside of the Student Union creep

0 12 There is no place/business I have visited more in Arizona than Arizona State University and I think I should give you my honest opinion on it as my 100th review and as I finish up my final year here and get ready to accept my diploma.  My first year at ASU, like most freshman, was spent at the dorms. What a crazy experience. I shared a room with my best friend in Palo Verde Main and we lucked out and didn't have to share a bathroom with any of the drunk, obnoxious, party bimbos that lived on our floor.  Don't forget about the douchebag wannabe jock dickheads on our floor too, that would be up until 4am screaming obscenities and running up and down the hall with underwear on their heads. PV Main is a freaking DUMP HOLE compared to the new resort-style dorms that these spoiled brats are living in now-a-days. Minus the people in my dorm, I enjoyed living in PV Main, due to the close proximity to my classes, grocery store downstairs, and abundance of parking. The bunk style beds were rathe

1 16 When I signed up and paid for the annual GYM membership, I did not realize that 90% of the people who go there are seniors. They play oldies music so if you are under 65 years old, you may want to bring your ipod or mp3 player. (The younger staff does play modern music when they are on duty)   Parking is NUTS after 9am during school hours. There is however, ample parking for seniors. They have like 30 reserved spots for them surrounding the fitness center.   Since I paid for the year, I will go until the membership runs out, but will NOT renew. Many of these seniors treat this gym as a social function and stand/sit around and yap. Too bad many students do not take advantage of this gym. The machines are very good, plenty of cardio machines and staff on hand to help develop a training schedule. Many resources available that are underutilized in my opinion.

1 13 I went in to get an iPad case and I got more help and  info from other shoppers than I did from the staff. And checking out? A pain in the arse. No one wanted to take my money! Finally one associate told me to see any blue shirt in the front of the store, bc they have handheld scanners, but I couldnt catch any of them! It was ridiculous! Finally a woman I had overheard telling people she was just "directing traffic" noticed how perplexed I was and rang me up. Thankfully so, as I was about to just give up and hit another apple or just shop online.  If you are going to play with all the toys and gadgets, you'll be fine, just be prepared to tackle someone when you're ready to actually buy something!

1 17 Worst experience ever. Spent over 6 hours trying to get issue resolved. The store is so HOT that I nearly passed out. Ridiculous run around and no resolution. Note to self. Never use this location again.

0 18 Unlv is heading in the right direction. The school is improving each year and that is what is important. It is inexpensive has a variety of programs. The parking is quite bad which I hope they find a solution to

0 18 In my quest to have a more diverse line-up of jobs than Homer Simpson, one of my more recent gigs led me to TAM of Nevada.  You can take the class either online or in person, but I opted to go in person in case I had any pre-test questions.  It's about a three hour class, and the instructor realizes that it's a long course, so he made sure to pepper the discussion with casual humor, and actually made a lot of the facts and dos/don'ts interesting.  I never realized how much precaution and observation goes into pouring/serving drinks.  It's definitely changed my outlook on the whole bar process.  The test is easy... as long as you pay attention in class.  The instructor makes it pretty clear what you'll need to pay attention to, so as long as you watch the videos, listen, and ask questions, you'll make it through.  Sure, I was a little nervous, but the information is concise, and the instructor was friendly, so at the end of the day, I aced the test, and am now a card carrying TAM member

0 19 My iPhone was disabled, so I tried t go online. Made an appt twice, could not talk to anyone! Finally went to the Apple Store at Kierland, think I really got lucky as I was hooked up to a tech immediately! Within a hour or so I was up and running again! Went the day before, 4 hr wait! I wish I could tell u his name but I just want to thank the Apple Store.! Thank u so much!

1 21 Not the quality education I was looking for. The professors are disorganized and can NOT teach, especially lab. In particular, CHM 151LL and 152 LL Dr. Indu Mishra will take off points for no reason even for a perfect lab report. Inconsistency in grading, students with less accurate data end up with higher grades on the lab reports. Run the other way while you can.

1 22 Dropped in unexpected and they didn't have an opening. Booked one for Saturday though!!! Looking forward to a great massage! If the therapist are as professional as the receptionist I should be very satisfied. Calf pain your time is coming to an end!

1 23 This review is based solely on convenience, as we haven't actually been able to get here during their hours.   They close at 1230 on a Saturday, which, for working families, is the easiest day to get to places. And their website says they close at 2pm. We are in search of a place to get swim lessons for our son, but we will go elsewhere.

0 25 This is my "home" Apple store. Come here often and too much.   Somehow I have managed to continue to walk out without an iPad (maybe because they are always sold out?)... hopefully I will continue to once they actually are stocked of them.  Always friendly, engaging and educational. Never feel like I am bothering anyone.

1 25 Friendly staff. Clean. But crowded always crowded. If you need help it's best to call and make an appointment they can't just help you right then and there. Unless its a small quick fix. I didn't have time for an appointment but when I walked in they gave me a suggestion to try at home and now my iPad works again!   This is in the Scottsdale quarter mall. Tere are maybe 1-2 parking spots up front but the is also a parking garage or valet.

0 26 Genius Bar always teaches me something I don't know about my itouch. My battery life wasn't lasting at all - somehow I had turned on my bluetooth, also had at least 100 apps running at the same time, and he got my hotmail working - fast, good, friendly. Amazing. Never had a unamazing time here - just book at appointment on line and they'll never be more than 5 min late. Love this store...;)

1 27 The last 4 reviews in addition to this one which are dated 09/21/2016, are the experiences I encountered on my recent trip. On this occasion, my phone went dead. I mean dead, dead. I went in to have it troubleshot, repair, and if unrepairable, then replace. It turned out it was a minor glitch in their recently updated software. I was there for a total of about 40 minutes. The technician was courteous, tried to explain in plain English as much as possible so I could understand better.  Kudos, guys. Good show. Thank you.

1 28 Went down to PVCC again today because when I was there last and filled out the paperwork to drop my classes they did not drop me.  They instead sent notice to GI BILL that I had enrolled.  So they have again wasted my time by forcing me to take the time to go back IN PERSON (yelp people that counts as direct contact).  I am also now as a direct result of this direct contact event with PVCC going to have to spend more of my time fixing the issues their complete lack of professionalism and lack of ability to do their jobs properly and efficiently has caused me.

1 1 21 Not the quality education I was looking for. The professors are disorganized and can NOT teach, especially lab. In particular, CHM 151LL and 152 LL Dr. Indu Mishra will take off points for no reason even for a perfect lab report. Inconsistency in grading, students with less accurate data end up with higher grades on the lab reports. Run the other way while you can.

1 30 I went and visited with the school advisors twice and met with the VA staff 3 times before classes started to make sure that I had the correct classes and that I would be able to be fully covered by the GI Bill.  Two days ago I get a call asking me to come into the VA office, I do and am told the classes I have do not fit the program I am signed up for so I will only get partial coverage.  I explain that I have been here multiple times and been told multiple times that i am fine and set.  They make excuses and tell me I can pay for the classes or change schools in two days (over this weekend) and I might be able to get full coverage.  WORST EXPERIENCE EVER AT A SCHOOL.

1 32 Had to have some reset on the iPhone. Came out of Ipic movies and the  store was just closing, but the lady at the door offered to set up an appointment for me the next day...really nice since they were closed. Came back the next day, waited 10 minutes - only 5 minutes later than the 11:10 appointment I had and they fixed it quick and easy! Thanks Eric and the lady the night before ( so sorry I forgot her name),

1 33 Terrible service. Tried to check in 35 min early and planned to stay in the store. The staff person refused to check me in, sent me away & said to come back @ 4:50pm. That just happened right now too. Now an update to add... I check in 4:50pm.... and sit for a good 30+ minutes. I ask if someone will be helping me and she can no longer find my name. 2-3 people have already gone ahead of me. And here I wait... writing this review to keep me occupied. This store is not run very well.

0 36 I love my nursing program!!! It is the best.  The tution not bad and they have great teachers. That is the only reason they are getting 4 stars.  The other offices such as registration, advisment, finacial aid are very unproductive buildings that have people working there who don't have a clue on whats going on.   MCC is still worth attending, once you get into your classes it's worth it!!!

1 34 I went to Pet Expo last Saturday at about 3 pm. It was pretty late in the date, so most vendors were winding down or already gone. But, at least the crowd was gone!  Upon entering they checked my dog to make sure she had her rabies tag (she did), and then had us fill out some paperwork. There were a lot of freebies to pick up, and some cool contests to enter.  The event itself had a lot of unique vendors, and a lot of opportunities to rescue or adopt a pet. I guess we came too late in the day, because the nail trim booth had already packed up and left. I wish I had know, because it was one of the main reasons we brought my dog.  My only complaint is that while the rules specifically stated that all dogs must be on a leash, there were quite a few patrons that let their pets run around without a leash - or even a collar. This makes me really uncomfortable, because all it took was one person not paying attention for all hell to break loose...I wish the staff was a little more cognizant of

1 35 Sunday 2:00 pm. I went into the store to get a Mac book pro air, I already new that I wanted that one and I just wanted to buy it. When I entered the store a guy asked me if he could help me with something and I said I wanted to buy the Mac book air so he sent me to where the computers are and told me to wait. I waited 30 MIN for someone to sell me a freakin computer !! The purchase was quick but it was like I was doing a favor for the store. Awful experience...

0 36 Always busy..awesome machines! If you do any artwork this is your machine. 

1 37 Located at the Scottsdale Quarter, this is the most convenient Apple Store for me.  I have many Apple products and enjoy coming in to test drive before I buy.    The first time I've ever used the Genius Bar was at this location....but I had a subpar experience with it.  My iPhone was having issues with it's power bar status and the kid at the Genius Bar told me to backup my iPhone and reset it but don't add back all my apps....basically, start over and add back the apps 1 by 1....seriously?!  Who's going to do that?  Well, I didn't and waited for the next IOS update, guess what...?  Yep, it fixed the issue.....ridiculous.  I guess I will only come here to buy products and I'll figure out any issues on my own.  Return Factor - 80%

1 38 Not the best computer science program.  However, it is a pretty big school.  It has that Arizona feel to it.  The heat can be unbearable at times, and I live in Vegas now.  My classmates were very friendly, but the teachers sometimes were a bit too strict.  The funny thing about this school was how people would steal bicycles and assemble a totally new bike.  So I'd see a bicycle with a bigger tire in the front and a smaller one on the back with different colors of parts attached.  Hilarious.  There are also a lot of people holding signs promoting either their religion or other beliefs.  There's a lot of different type of people here which is why I like it, but then again, I wasn't totally impressed by my teachers which is what I mostly looked for.

1 39 I really don't think any of the Apple stores are great because usually the "geniuses" have no freakin' idea what they're talking about.  I came here because my battery showed the status of "service battery" and I explained to them it's weird because I just replaced my battery on Nov 28 2012 which is about 1.5 years ago. The "genius" corrected me saying it's not even a year. WTF. If you can't do simple MATH how the hell can you tell me how to fix my dang battery problems?!  Anyway, I asked the dude to reset my battery notification thingie. I've read stuff that Mavericks OS causes some funky battery readings and I'll just go with that. "Not even a year" my foot. PFFFTTT  2 stars cuz there's garage parking and I don't have to worry about my stuff melting in the sun.

1 40 Wow great store very busy. The service staff sort of ignores older people but I'm used to it. Really the shouldn't we spend more!

1 41 Great university depending on your program. :) it's literally in the heart of downtown Toronto, so you can find pry much anything you need around you! Everything's just a short walk or bus ride away.   Professors are mixed as with any school. Some are fantastic and just the most amazing professors, while some just don't already to give a rats behind about their students. Can't really review on that since I think every school has a mix.  Lots of security incidents happen like robberies, indecent exposure, fights.... Mostly because we are an open campus so honestly, anyone wanders into our campus. So always walk with a friend if possible. ;)

0 42 The old hair instructor has been replaced by a new one that is committed and concentrates on the work at hand. He is patient with the students, and when he corrected my student's work, he was quick and seemed to know his stuff.

1 42 I've been calling and calling forever to schedule appointments and they NEVER answer the phone. No one calls back if I leave a message. The hours of operation vary depending on who I speak to and there is no availability on many days because the "students will be in class" or "students are busy" even.during salon hours.

1 43 Went for a trim. Stylist was very pleasant and asked some questions, but I wasn't thrilled with the final cut. Seemed a bit too laid back about it. Offered product, but wasn't pushy at all, so that was a plus. Manager was very pleasant as well and checked the cut, fixing some of the uneven places. Still, just not the full trim I was hoping for. Might try again and give them another chance.

0 44 MCC is a pretty awesome school. I spent a semester at the Red Mountain campus, which is smaller, but the buildings are nicer, and summer 2013-summer 2014 (4 semesters) at the main campus. The main campus is much bigger however the buildings are not as nice as Red Mountain. However, they are all decent and they are in the process of doing construction to make it even better. Most of the classes  I took at main campus were very well taught and the teachers usually will work with you to ensure that you have a successful education experience. They also have a lot of different activities that go on for the students to enjoy and collect tickets from visiting different tables and you can turn those tickets in for a prize; usually pizza but it was a shirt once as well. So why not 5 stars? Registering for classes. At Red Mountain it was really easy to get registered for classes... walked in to the office, asked to speak with an adviser and 15 minutes later you were enrolled. Here you have to wa

1 44 Called to ask questions about iPhones. Gave up after being on hold for 30 minutes. It seems like the quality of service has been steadily slipping at this location for some time now. Sad, because its a great location and they have good products.

0 49 Last Saturday was the first time I ever attended a comedy routine where skits are done from audience suggestions.  I think thats pretty cool that they can come up with funny stuff just by what we say at the spur of the moment. They also try to get to know your names (of the people who arrive early & sit in front) before the show & then after the show was over they stand by the door and slap your hand as you walk out. I couldnt help but laugh as they chanted "Judy, Judy" as I walked through the line. Very personal and fun! People of all ages can go, kids were there as well.

0 29 Onyx Theatre was completely off my radar until yesterday. I caught word that "Evil Dead The Musical" was performing until Oct 31. Being a huge "Army of Darkness" fan I had to see it. We wasted no time and caught the show last night.  We bought tickets at The Rack discounts are available for locals with ID. We browsed the store while waiting for the theater doors to open. They carry the largest collection of leather and fetish wear and accessories I've come across.  The theater itself is intimate with only 98 stadium style seats. Seats aren't too comfortable and they've seen better days, but I'm not complaining. We're there to be entertained. "Evil Dead The Musical"delivered. It was fantastically clever, campy, hilarious and bloody.   Now that Onyx is on my radar, I'll be checking the calendar regularly to see more shows.

0 50 The place:  Intimate theater barely begins to describe this theater.  If you weren't specifically looking for it, you wouldn't know it was there.  It's hidden in a strip mall - so make sure you have your directions in hand.  Really it's not that hard to find ...   The experience: Some of THE best entertainment for your dollar in the east valley.  I have been twice, and saw two completely different shows.  Some of the "games" that were played were same/similar, but the audience interactions ensures it's always fresh and new.  We went with a bunch of friends for my wife's birthday - they made sure to get her involved ... and it would up being the funniest part of the show (naturally since they were funning on my family).  They even gave us two free tickets to come back another time!!  My wife and I really enjoyed the experience (as did our friends) and we're excited to use the tickets.  The bottom line: If you're looking for something to do on a Friday or Saturday evening, you'd be hard 

1 45 I love Apple, and this store is great. However, I am frustrated with the help I received at the Genius Bar this time around. I set an appointment, and I over communicated in the notes. The "genius" was 20 minutes late, and was unable to help me. The reason for being unable to help me was reasonable. However, the way process is setup, it does not prepare for appointments, and this one could have been resolved with a phone call (which, incidentally, I've been told to setup an appointment to meet with a Genius).   To top things off, listening to this relay the information to a co-worker, it was obvious that this person had filled in the blanks and not listened to what I had said. Getting the information correct would not have changed the outcome. It is merely an added frustration to the fact this process could have been resolved in 10 seconds over the phone, but instead I was pawned off to the Genius Bar to appear at an unnecessary appointment, pulling me away fro work for 2 hours (includ

1 47 Some time had gone by since my last visit to Kohler and I felt like giving it another chance. A Groupon was available so I purchased the deal and headed back to Kohler with a friend who goes there regularly and we spent the morning getting a facial and a manicure.  The facial - I get facials often at other places and know the general routine. The tech was sweet but she did not explain what she was doing to me, ask me questions, recommend products, etc. There also was really no privacy for taking off/putting on clothes, etc other than a sheer curtain that did not cover my treatment space. She also did not do extractions even after her instructor told her too. However, in the end I still left feeling clean and moisturized. The next day I woke up and I was broken out all over my face AND my chest. I have never broken out on my chest in my entire life. It has taken almost two weeks for my skin to clear. I have no idea what products they used but clearly it was not right for my skin.   The 

0 35 I went to the Apple Store a couple times. Once for a new battery, once for a cracked screen. The. Ew battery cost $80, the cracked screen cost $100. The staff at the Apple Store in kierland are very knowledgeable but I'm not a huge Apple product fan. I seem to consistently have issues with their products. The wait time at the Apple Store at kierland varies during the time of year. It was impossible to make a same day appt in the winter time. In the summer time, wait time is about an hour. Not too bad with nice shops around.

1 48 I'm upgrading my review to 3 stars as they were helpful in  recently unlocking an iPhone4 my wife's mother had been given.  Well, I visited the Apple Store today to buy an iPhone 6 or 7 to upgrade my iPhone 4.  A total waste of my time.  Here I am, walking into your store wanting to spend money, and no one seems interested in helping me.  First, when entering the store, there is no obvious method of getting in line.  The store didn't appear significantly busy today, but I walked in and wandered around the store for 10 minutes and no one even acknowledged that I was in the store.  Finally I approached a guy in the Apple red shirt and asked to be helped.  He asked my name and typed it into his iPad and said someone would be helping me in 5 minutes.  Second, where's the transparency in whatever line I'm in waiting for customer service?  I waited another 10 minutes and no one came to me to help.  It would be nice to have some transparency about what line there is.  I don't have a clue wher

0 49 I have only been to the Onyx once, to see Hedwig and the Angry Inch. I had been meaning to check out a play at the Onyx for the longest time and decided Hedwig was a good place to start. They only had VIP tickets available, which are just front row seats. Lord, if there's a show you don't want to be up front at, it's Hedwig! She can be mean! Luckily my friend and I were not singled out during the performance (she laughed at a hipster with purple hair and spit Haribo gummies at another person).   I would say that of all the local theatres in the city, the Onyx is the one that puts on the most original plays. They are gutsy and provocative and maybe a bit politically incorrect. I'm a dork for not catching more performances but hope to see more shows soon.

1 50 Stopped by seeking help. I had a few questions. The place is Nice, so is the area. A lot of people... noticed a few just hanging out (weird) in the store. Service was truly excellent, wanted to thank the young lady Jessica. Very pleasant and informative. Appreciate that she took the time in resolving my technical issue and doing it with a smile. I am not a tech savvy person and appreciated that she made me comfortable asking the questions I had. It's refreshing. Wait time was a little long and parking is a bit difficult in the street.

1 38 Love Apple, but really don't love their stores.  This one is like a big old warehouse, and it was way too hot in there.  Again, I don't like their checkout system.  Too difficult to find someone to help.  I really loved when we asked the cost of iWork and were told "It's $79 but only $30 if you buy a computer."  Oh, well then hook me up with a Mac Pro so I can save $49.  But most of all, I really appreciated the "genius" leaning on the counter yawning while he ran our card.

0 42 Honestly, I wish I could say better things about ASU but it's just another college in it for the money. The past year I had a majority of professors who didn't explain assignments or expectations. I went through 3 advisers before I finally had one who stayed. The dean of my particular college proceeded to tell us at an event how she never received a college degree and how we need to work hard to earn one. She also joked about how when we earn a lot of money how we should meet her for lunch and give the college a million dollars.  The good parts of this college is that the campus is pretty nice. There seems to be a very active student life if you are able to live on campus. They promote lots of bike parking everywhere and have some decent services available on campus. Their health services are fantastic! They offer a ton of online classes which is convenient, except they charge extra fees to use them when in actuality it saves them money from using resources on campus.  The parking situ

0 44 Love this place. Clean and welcoming facility, front staff is helpful, and the instructors are top notch. I have been thoroughly impressed with their baby swimming program, and IT'S FREE until they are 6 months old.   The facility can be a bit tricky to locate. Basically find Toby Keith's bar and grill on the far north side of Mesa Riverview and go east in the parking lot. You will see it on your right.  I have heard some of the other Hubbard facilities are not that nice, and I have also heard about issues with instructors at other locations, but again, I have had zero problems at Mesa Riverview.  The only drawback - the cost is about $80 a month for a swim lessons once a week for 30 minutes. That seems high, but the kids can learn to swim year round, inside, in a heated pool.

0 46 ASU isn't a bad school.  It has some lousy profs, staff, and facilities, but it also does have some standout programs.  Really I don't know why anyone would consider making his or her college decision based on Yelp reviews, but whatever.    GO DEVILS!!!!

1 47 I am truly disappointed by the Apple Store. I have 2 iPhone 6's, a 6+, iPad Air, iPad 2 and other numerous accessories for this store. When I bought the phones I also bought protective cases, Apple brand. One could assume that if they're the ones that made the phones then they would be able to make the cases that they could scan behind. So my Son and his up dropping his phone and it fell flat on the glass part that was supposedly protected by the Apple protective case. Apple also boasts the superstrong glass cover on the iPhone six..now because it fell flat the cover should have protected it but it didn't and they will not replace the glass on the phone. Not even as a courtesy after all of the other products that I bought from there. The insurance on the phone to fix it is actually more than it is to just buy the glass and fix it. So the fact that they are going to try to squeeze another $170 out of me after spending nearly $600 on the phone just a few months ago is absolutely ridiculo

0 50 So far this school has been great and then not-so-great. It is a huge school first of all, the largest community college out of all of them. I have met some great, awesome teachers and then I have had some grumpy teachers. I'll tell you what you do, when you want to know what kind of teacher they are before you sign up for your class just do what I do:  go onto Ratemyprofessor.com and search for the teacher and read the reviews. They are usually pretty accurate and give you some control over what your teaching environment is going to be like.   However, I was racially discriminated against in the testing department and that is why they get only three stars. I realize it is the person and not the school but I won't ever forget what happened to me. The latter I will take up with the President of student affairs. Always stick up for what is right people!  Ms.Svoboda shout out! excellent English teacher and Bob Leighty, my extremely tough geology professor. I learned a lot in that class.


 ###### Service  positive ######
1 1 Customer service is awesome!  Secret is:  Make sure you make an appointment before coming in especially if you are needing help at the Genius Bar.  However, if you come during the week, you may get lucky and you will be accommodated.  Staff members are great, always smiling and willing to help out.  Good selections of accessories for all Apple products, some more pricey than online stores.  Advantage of buying the accessory at an Apple Store is a staff member will gladly install or help you out with it.  It's all good...

1 3 Apple is always great. Even for a huge launch like the iPhone X the reps were quick an efficient. I had an issue with my carrier stuff but TJ figured it out quickly and helped me get my phone. I love Apple products and I love them even more because I know great customer service comes with those products. I'm all about paying for what I get. I will pay extra for products because I know the company will stand behind them. I've been in Phoenix for years and I always come to this Apple store because they're always so quick and helpful while being friendly. Thanks Apple!

1 4 Great school! I love the location and the vibe is very nice. Most buildings and equipments are pretty new and the professors are great as well. Besides all this, the school is willing to help you out when you need it. I spent 2 years at University of Toronto and I like Ryerson much better!

1 4 Great university, I like their selection of programs. Night courses are great for mature students.  What I don't like is the fact that you can't do degrees in a part time basis. They don't have the open university concept implemented.   Its a good school if you plan on going full-time or plan on doing a certificate program at night through continuing education.

1 5 This place is awesome. The clerk Elli was super friendly and made the whole process much more smooth. Recommend this place highly!!

1 6 Funny, funny, funny!  I recommend it!  First time at ANY comedy show and such a great experience! I was a little skeptical if it was really improv but it is because they use audience's suggestions.  It is a small tiny place and you can possibly miss it if you're not paying attention when you're driving by.   Definitely, have fun at this place! It's fun to watch and fun to be part of it!  In your birthday month, you can get a free ticket if you're on the mailing list.   Seems like a great date place if you're looking for a date idea in Arizona.

1 7 Thanks to Groupon, husband, I and two friends went to a show a few weeks ago @ NCT.  What fun!  As a former thespian, I was able to relive my own high-school improv days.  I love the audience participation bits - it was quite hilarious (and mildly disappointing, when you think about it) when people kept shouting out incorrect parts-of-speech.  Doesn't anyone know what an adverb is?! Alas, I'm not rating the audience...  The actors/comedians were entertaining, interactive and lots of fun to watch.  I especially liked the small, black-box theatre... makes for a nice intimate experience, where you actually feel like part of the show :)  A fun date night idea for any age.

1 8 Great to see so many Vegas families taking their kids to develop an interest in science and/or nourish that existing interest.  So glad I was able to take my kids to this, the involvement of the community, and to Yelp for sponsoring this event as well.  Education is so important, and helping kids become passionate about something that matters is essential beyond the words that exist to describe it.  Great work, and thank you for making this a free event!

1 10 Had to make an appointment at the Genius Bar...maybe a 5 minute wait, met the tech...took care of the issue in less than 15 minutes. Perfect! Great customer service!!

1 11 I thoroughly enjoy walking into any Apple Store in the Valley.  This one in particular has some serious swag.  The building is Apple standard and probably the best layout of all the locations in the valley.  I brought my IPhone 6 to get a screen replacement.  I made the reservation online 2 days before.  It was very seamless and it worked with my scheduled.  I arrived 5 minutes before and I was greeted upon entering.  After waiting about 5 minutes my name was called and an Apple genius assisted me.  She said it would be about an hour to replace the screen at $110 it was cheaper than paying my insurance deductible.  Came back in an hour and the service was top notch.  My phone looks good as new right out of the box.  No Apple Store visit is complete without browsing the inventory of innovation they have.  It makes me want to spend my paychecks there on payday!

1 7 I'm so glad that I went today!  I took my dog with me to the event to get some socialization and desensitization to distractions. I'm so glad that I went! There was no admission fee and the vendors were plentiful with the raffles, prizes, and free items. There were many rescue groups with adoptable dogs! It was hard for me or my dog to focus on any one thing at a time because so much was going on. I think I could've spent the whole day there.   Some tips: -cost of parking is $4 -bring your dog's vaccine records or sign their waiver form -arrive at least 15 minutes before opening time so you can beat most of the crowd. It begins to get crowded at 11am.  -if you have a small dog, plan on carrying it when it gets crowded. People are too distracted to watch where they are going -lots of free treats/food but only give one or two to your dog or else it could upset it's stomach -bring a water bowl and a bottle of water -poop and pee area is outside, NOT on the doxie race track! -see the flyba

1 13 I found this place awhile back in YES magazine, there was a special on pedicures so I thought I would give it a shot.  It wasn't great.  Needless to say I didn't want to try the other services after that.  Well, I have since  gone back to get several haircuts and facials.  =) I was happy with the results each time.  I also recently tried the body treatment.  It's really not something I would go back for, to me it felt like I was getting a sponge bath.  For the money and now the convenience, it is a bargain... Yeah! Extended Student Spa Hours Tuesday - Friday from 5:30pm to 9:30pm

1 14 VMILF Show   There is something special about live theatre  You can feel the connections  Between actor and part Actor and actor  Actor and audience  Story and performance  Truths mistakes  They can't hide on stage   The Onyx theatre is currently doing a production of Debbie Does Dallas, the musical. Very fun show. With what we guess are all either talented MFA students or very well cast gems. Tickets are vegas free, $23, so bring a friend, bring two friends and have a good time.   The theatre has recently had a transfer in management so renovations are pending, but the performers will more than capture your attention, they will warm the playful child inside your heart.

1 10 I am enrolled here simply to use the Fitness Facility and have not taken classes. That being said, the gentleman that provided my Student ID and parking pass was extremely friendly, helpful and a bit amusing. Everyone I have met that works at the Fitness Facility is extremely friendly and helpful. Their fitness facility might not be the fanciest one in town, but it is one of the best values.The only downside for me is that the fitness area is closed on school holidays. Hopefully, the current construction will be over soon and I'll get to check out the new building on the campus. I have yet to check out the library I have access to and hope to review that soon.

1 15 I just started my classes here and rather enjoy this campus and location. It is much cosier than the layout of GCC and a closer building layout. I enjoy my classes here and would recommend this school to others.

1 16 What do u get when you combine a fantastic school, hot women, and good looking dudes......ASU baby!!!!!!  If you're thinking of going....GO you won't regret it.  If you're too hung up on an ivy league education....don't....that's what grad school is for.  Enjoy your undergraduate years in a very warm spot (less clothes..wink.wink), with a lot to do (Vegas, San Diego, Cabo, Taos, Rocky Pt, Havasu,) and a lot of hot people to do it with.   GO DEVILS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  N

1 17 Thank God there are other nerds in Las Vegas who were able to organize a Week Long Science Fair.  I look forward to a week of learning,exploring, and fun with our daughters.  I hope to see some of you Yelpers out there supporting science and getting your Geek on!  Free Admission Science is Everywhere Day Sunday, May 1 At museums, educational institutions and science-related venues in the Las Vegas Valley and beyond. Behind-the-scenes guided tours offer a unique look at science at work in our community. Science is happening everywhere: creating architectural wonders, making us "ooh" and "ahh" at amazing shows, developing innovative conservation methods and much more. Plan your own route with places to visit for a great day of discovery. Science Week : Science in the Schools May 2-6 Throughout the Las Vegas Valley Bringing scientists, hands-on activities, science career information and more to students in grades K-12 and local colleges and universities. You won't want to miss class this 

1 18 I was very pleased with how easy and accessible this process has become. We took the online course which was great because it is not only a lot cheaper but allows you to go at your own pace. Once you are done taking the online course you just show up at the TAM office during testing hours to take the final exam (25 Questions). The staff is very friendly and helpful when you get there.  We showed up a bit before they re-opened doors after lunch at 2PM and there were a few people waiting outside. Once the doors opened they directed people to the appropriate areas based on whether they were registering for the course or needed to just take the test. Honestly, I was shocked at how many people were actually taking the course in person. I did that a few years back before they offered online courses and I really don't see the point of it. I understand some people learn better in  person or are computer illiterate, but this course is so easy I think you would be crazy not to take the online co

1 19 This store is the APPLE of my eye! No matter what technological nightmare I encounter-they always come to my rescue.  Love Gueric @ the Genius Bar-and when I have a quick question I can always ask the Q&A person.  Megan helped me today and she was A+!

1 20 It took me a minute to find the office but once inside I was greeted with a very friendly receptionist (she let me get some coffee she had made!).  It wasn't busy and I was able to test quickly; maybe a total of 20 minutes total.

1 21 Thank you Becca for your outstanding help. I bought an I phone 4 at Verizon.Thanks to the Apple staff person for making me glad I did.Final score 3 trips 1 phone call to Verizon and one visit to Apple .Thanks to Verizon too.

1 22 Friendly staff. Easy transaction. Waited a total of 15 mins and my problem was fixed.thanks apple !

1 20 I love coming to massage schools and interacting with people newly pursuing their passion for the vocation. I was fortunate to have such an opportunity today with Shelia. Nice young woman great temperament and good massage.   The school is very nice, well run and very clean. Being from Chicago I have never heard of this school before but I'm glad I found it here in Vegas.  I came here for some special work and though my calf is nice and loose I will have to manage my process of keeping it stretched out before I get back on the treadmill and chase after my hot young Miami kinda sorta Latina.  Thank you European Massage School for relaxing my muscles and giving my body a chance to chase after Maggie...Damn why did a pick a girl who can run so fast and so far Aghhh!

1 23 I'm currently taking my 17 month old twins through the program, having previously taken my daughter several years ago - then we used the 32nd street location. The instructor (Lauren) has a way with kids in general, and the fact that she can engage my little guys and the rest of the babies in the class, is something special.  I am a big fan of the program.  It not only teaches water safety and how to get out of the water should the little ones fall in, but how to float, and eventually the strokes.  This location is convenient, always clean and staffed with friendly, positive, and helpful staff.  I highly recommend!!

1 24 #REBELPREVIEW Day today! It was very informative! It was great that you could tailor the event to fit within your specific major and needs. We learned a lot and my kid won a raffle at the end of the event as well.  I will mention that almost every one doing a presentation should have some speech or presentation courses. I've never heard so many "UMMs" by so many presenters. One (who wasn't a student but an alumni) in particular had 172 UMMs in a 40 minute presentation about campus housing!  That being said, I'd like to give a shout out to Zantana who did an amazing job during the Business school presentation AND the Campus Tour! Very well spoken, clear, concise and no umms! Lol

1 26 Gosh so much to say about Hubbard. I can't believe I haven't left them a review yet. I have 4 children, all with some sort of special needs. I would only trust Hubbard with my children. My oldest has been coming to Hubbard for 8 years and he has had amazing instructors.   Another amazing thing, Hubbard will not charge you more if your child's needs 1-1 swimming for special needs. Their instructors are very patient, fun and experiment.   One of my kids has Epilepsy and I'm always worried about him in the water. Hubbard instructors have done an amazing job in teaching him water safety while keeping him safe.   My oldest has Autism and we have come A LONG way with swimming lessons. For about 5 years he would not go under water. Hubbard instructors (we have had Many over be years) were always patient with him. My son now is a fish and I give all the credit to Hubbard and it's amazing caring instructors.   Thank you Hubbard for teaching my kids life long lessons in water safety. I have 4 fi

1 27 This is a huge upgrade from my experience at the Chandler location!  The people working here are so friendly and helpful.  They make sure you leave satisfied and no ridiculously long wait times (This is why I love all things Scottsdale).  I had a continuing issue with my laptop and was fed up.  Needless to say, they fixed the problem permanently!  Shoutout to Justin (my Q-boro homie), Adam the manager and Otthman(sorry for the spelling).  You guys are the bestest! :D

1 28 I can finally mark getting "fun turquoise peekaboo's" off of my "bucket list--and one tube of color is only $10! Amber Kaufmann Goldstein is my new hairstylist at the Studio Academy of Beauty at Alma School & Galveston in Chandler. Amber is a very talented & conscientious hairstylist! Miss Jackie, Miss Kari, & Mr. Adam are amazing instructors & are constantly walking around the salon supervising the young women & ensuring the customers are happy & satisfied. I've been going there for a year last January so they're like my second family. The hardest part is when the students graduate and it's time for them to move on in their careers. Saying goodbye is never easy. Please do yourself a favor & book your appointment with Amber today! If she's busy, there are many talented young women there waiting for your phone call! Karen & Alexis work at the busy front desk & do a great job handling appointments and customers for hair styling, coloring, waxing, Dermalogica facials, brow & eyelash tinti

1 29 Talk about the best of both worlds!  Facials and beauty treatments for next to nothing!!!  Sign me up!  I happen to know one of the students, and love her!  BUT I have had other people work on me...they are all very professional and understand your needs.  Worth trying twice!

1 31 I had the pleasure of attending a wine tasting here on Sept. 11,2014.  They have a variety of wine on display and the service was great. I purchased some wine on the spot.  I look forward to visiting in the future.

1 32 LOVE this place for hair cuts and the fact that they use Bumble & Bumble products. I wouldn't recommend it for regular pedicures, though, although I hear the spa pedicures are awesome - it was a twilight zone experience having my nails done by a blonde girl who was silent the whole time, versus a group of women constantly chattering in vietnamese, and then asking me if i'm vietnamese, too.   The students do a pretty awesome job here, and the ambiance is MUCH nicer than the Carsten Institute in Tempe - and the hair cutting/teacher checking is much quicker too! they have monthly specials on various services, making it an EVEN BETTER deal! best part - it's a no tipping facility!

1 31 Neat store.  I am a PC, but I did enjoy playing with all the toys.  The store was pretty busy.  I found it surprising that we were not greeted.  I would go back for another look when the store isn't so busy.

1 33 Always helpful and fun to visit the apple store.  The free customer service at the genius bar always makes me glad i paid a gobzillion dollars for my laptop. That and of course that I have never had a virus for a gazillion years.

1 34 We held a group event for 80 employees at The Venue last week and invited a crew of 7 comedians to perform the entertainment.  Krissy (National Comedy Theatre)  was very flexible and easy-going during the planning process.  Especially because I was planning the event out of state.  On the day of, the group showed up on time, planned a sound check and kicked off the day with great laughs.  It was two teams of three (RED and BLUE) and an official referee to keep things on track.  They two groups were very funny and and kept our attention for an hour.  It was a great time!  After the event I polled the employees and they got great reviews.  It was nice to do something different, relax, have a cocktail and great laughs for an afternoon.  Thanks Krissy!

1 37 I have gone to many shows at the Onyx Theatre.  As the other reviewers have said, the theatre is a small, intimate one with seating for just over 100 people.    I often sit in the front row, so I'm close to the play and sometimes I've become a part of it.  Tonight, I saw the live "Rocky Horror Show" with some very talented performers with great voices.  The four piece band was excellent accompaniment and it was a well done show.    I'll be back in a few weeks to see the musical "I Do, I Do," a real change of pace from tonight.

1 38 2012 State Track and Field Championship. Mesa Community College. May 9-12.  As a former high school state track medalist this was a treat. My High School Phoenix Christian still dominates our division by design. I would run the 100 meters which back then was the 100 yard dash. The 220, long jump and several sprint relays. I was fast.  This weekend I enjoyed seeing hundreds of kids preform their best.   Phoenix Christian senior sprinter Preston VanHofwegen, who is going to Azusa Pacific to play football in the fall, won the 400-meters with a personal best time of 49.45 seconds. You will be hearing about Preston in pro-ball in the near future.  Devon Allen the Brophy track star won a pair of state titles on Saturday and came a whisker away from two more, thrilling the crowd at the Division I state track meet at Mesa Community College. Brophy's tough.  As expected, Allen captured the 110- and 300-meter hurdle state titles. He dueled Deer Valley sprinter Trae Armstrong in the 100- and 200-

1 40 Stopped in to get a new iPad and was promptly greeted (even though the store was swamped).  Apple has nailed customer service.  Their employees are well educated, friendly, and not pushy when it comes to warranties and accessories.  In less than 10 minutes, I had my iPad in hand, and my "genius" offered me a tutorial if I wanted one.  Even cooler was the gadget he used to run my card.  When I was ready for my purchase, we walked to an available computer, entered some info and he scanned the box with his handheld gadget, which also ran my credit card.  He asked me if I wanted to get a print out of the receipt or just get it via e-mail (which is what I chose to do).  Awesome.  BTW - iPad is fun as hell and great if you travel.  There's also a free Yelp app.  Woohoo!

1 41 A great deal for those looking to have a massage. They're easy to book (call during school hours) and their students are eager to please so they work hard to meet your expectations. As long as you don't expect any frills, you'll emerge a more relaxed being from the curtained-off massage room.

1 43 What's not to love about Apple? Superior products and superior service are what you get, any way you look at it.   This store in particular can get pretty crazy and you definitely should have an appointment. If you don't, though, they will do their best to get you one while you are there.   I love that you can wander around and play with gadgets as long as you like. All the employees are helpful and not pushy or intrusive. My boyfriend is actually in an appointment (where, of course, they are fixing something on his 2 1/2 year old laptop for free) and I am sitting across the store working and no one is bothering me. Earlier I was looking at the newest laptops since I am in the market and the differences were explained very thoroughly and when I said thanks for the info that was it! No hard sell, they just let me wander off.   Apple is definitely doing things right here.

1 45 Great entertainment.  Play selection and performance first rate.  Funny, sometimes funky.  The opposite of strip hotel shows.

1 46 This event was pretty good. Wasn't as large as the expos I have been to, but it was ok. Most of the booths were dog related. I am glad I went.

1 12 YAY! Onyx! Cool little community theater in a fetish shop that has an array of funky little productions going on. Totally worth checking out some local theater or comedy

1 47 I had the great pleasure of getting a deep tissue massage from a student here named Melissa C.   She had the professionalism and skills of someone who has been doing this forever. She listened to my needs and really understood my problem areas. I left feeling amazing. Will definitely return and ask for her again.

1 48 We have been taking our infant son here since he was 11 weeks old.  The staff is so welcoming and very nice.  Our instructor, Andrew, is great.  He makes sure to interact with each of the babies AND the parents in his class & I really like that about him. We are looking forward to a long relationship with Hubbard in Mesa.

1 1 10 Had to make an appointment at the Genius Bar...maybe a 5 minute wait, met the tech...took care of the issue in less than 15 minutes. Perfect! Great customer service!!

1 37 Updates from 2 years ago: I have had some good professors especially with the higher level classes.  Dr. Bains with organic chemistry I and II very step by step thorough approach. Dr. Doyle Bio II 182 Lots to memorize but very organized. I enjoyed his labs. His exams are all essay/ short answer.  Dr. Hoyt Microbiology: he wants us to use complete sentences and write a full report at the end of the semester. Lots of work, but his tests are all essay / easy. (prolly cuz I'm good at regurgitating info and BSing)  Certain professors weren't as organized or methodical as others.  Their new KSC academic advising is the bomb (during the school day anyways). Fast, friendly and helpful.  Downside: Schedules are not very accommodating for working students, esp since student services close so early.  I like the CPA (center of performing arts) as they have very affordable productions throughout the year, at least for us students.

1 1 28 I can finally mark getting "fun turquoise peekaboo's" off of my "bucket list--and one tube of color is only $10! Amber Kaufmann Goldstein is my new hairstylist at the Studio Academy of Beauty at Alma School & Galveston in Chandler. Amber is a very talented & conscientious hairstylist! Miss Jackie, Miss Kari, & Mr. Adam are amazing instructors & are constantly walking around the salon supervising the young women & ensuring the customers are happy & satisfied. I've been going there for a year last January so they're like my second family. The hardest part is when the students graduate and it's time for them to move on in their careers. Saying goodbye is never easy. Please do yourself a favor & book your appointment with Amber today! If she's busy, there are many talented young women there waiting for your phone call! Karen & Alexis work at the busy front desk & do a great job handling appointments and customers for hair styling, coloring, waxing, Dermalogica facials, brow & eyelash tinti

1 49 Toto and I had a blast today! Be prepared to prove your dog has had the rabies shot and that he's up to date on all vaccinations. It was free admission but a $5 charge to park. There was so much to see and do there. I think we must have been there for over three hours.  One of highlights of the day was the spray painting they did on my dog. He got a superman logo sprayed on him. They had lots of different designs to choose from. I would say somewhere around 50 different designs. It was $3. The women at the table did such a great job! It did fade pretty quickly though. You can hardly see it now 12 hours later. No biggie. It looked really good when they first did it though.   A lot of people were lined up for the free nail trims they were doing right next to the spray painting. My dogs nails had just recently been trimmed and filed so I decided to pass on that one.   Next to the spray painting table was an agility course you could do for a $2 donation. So we did it. I was impressed how q

1 1 24 #REBELPREVIEW Day today! It was very informative! It was great that you could tailor the event to fit within your specific major and needs. We learned a lot and my kid won a raffle at the end of the event as well.  I will mention that almost every one doing a presentation should have some speech or presentation courses. I've never heard so many "UMMs" by so many presenters. One (who wasn't a student but an alumni) in particular had 172 UMMs in a 40 minute presentation about campus housing!  That being said, I'd like to give a shout out to Zantana who did an amazing job during the Business school presentation AND the Campus Tour! Very well spoken, clear, concise and no umms! Lol

1 19 I get my roots done here for $20.  So much easier then trying to do it myself.  Takes a little longer but there is always a teacher around checking the students work and the students are really nice.

1 22 You will get the best massage at a fraction of the cost else where. Try it out! You won't be disappointed... well at least I never have

1 35 I love taking my baby here!  We go to the 6- 10-month-olds class.  Gymboree offers this age group three classes during the week on Wednesday, Thursday and Saturday.  My daughter sleeps hard-core after each class so of course that is a plus!  All the instructors here are so nice and are wonderful with the babies.  Most classes start out with a question for each parent to discuss such as, "Have you traveled with your baby?  How did that go?  Any suggestions or tips for other parents?"  Then they do side-by-side activities to help babies build trust with parents, socialize with other babies and also build balance and motor skills.  (My daughter loved all the toys they put out so I ended up buying some for home and for car rides and also I was hoping she would tire of the toys to focus more on the classes.)  Afterwards the instructors do songs, lap bounces, blow bubbles and we play with Gymbo the clown.  It is a very cute class!  Totally worth $65 a month- especially if you are a stay-at-h

1 40 awesome! this place is inexpensive and the stylists are nice. They're also really cute and shy because they just graduated, which only means that they're going to take more time and care cutting your hair. The head and neck message was a nice added touch too!

0 43 This place is so much fun and cheap too!!! You should go early morning when it open. I had a great time walking around and you even get to play with the goats! The workers are super friendly too and will help you if you have any questions. Make sure to go to the bird cages those are hilarious! They'll swear at you while you walk out and close the door haha! A great thing to and to your list and go with family friends or a date with your spouse.

0 44 It only takes one visit to fall in love with this place. The sanctuary is open  from 9am to 4pm 7 days a week. $5 for adults, $4 for seniors, $1 for kids. They have a large number birds, goats you can feed, miniature horses, a deer, emus, ostriches and other animals as well. I could spend hours talking, singing, and playing with these birds..  Definitely a hidden gem in vegas, and worth supporting.

0 45 Found this place randomly through here on yelp. We were already near the place so we decided to check them out. It's free, but we left a donation for $10 when we left. I think it's right for everyone to do if y'all go. It was such a cute sanctuary with all kinds of animals. Birds, pigs, goats, ducks, chickens, turtles, Llamas, even a huge turkey and one little sheep. It was definitely a great experience and worth it. And very good for kids, they even have a picnic area :)


