 ###### Price  negative ######
1 1 Same here. everything is nice and well put together. But the trainers are ridiculous trying to get you to spend tons of money for no reason. I like the old days when they would give you one free session a month and the trainer would set up your workout for that month.  Watch out when you use a promotional coupon. They do require you to sign up and actually cancel before the 30 days is up or you will be charged for that month and be signed up for a yearly pass. Also when you are wanting to cancel you need to make sure that you can before the first of the month or they will charge you for that month as well.

1 2 I think Muddy's review hits the nail on the head. This gym is for getting in, working out, and getting out, and nothing more. It has most of the equipment that you need and it's generally in good repair (recently one piece was broken for over a week--too long in my book). There are some things I'd like to see (squat bar pads that aren't worn out, enough collars for all of the olympic bars -seriously, how much do those cost?!-, a decline bench, better selection of curl bars, etc.), but even with that, it's tough to beat the price. However, given that Golds has basically the same price with many more amenities, they should probably consider addressing some of these issues (including more sanitizer, paper towels, etc.) or they may lose customers. For now, I'll stick with F19.

1 3 I went in with a 7 day free trial pass that they completely ignored and they convinced me into signing up for a month to month membership with a three day cancellation window and the added bonus of waiving the (utterly ridiculous) $75 enrollment fee. That really should've been my first clue.  After two visits over the course of two days where I found out the pool was less than spectacular and a number of their cardio machines need maintenance, I decided I was fed up and took advantage of the cancellation window and thought that would be the end of it. Of course, it wasn't and I got a lovely surprise this morning when I discovered that, despite cancelling within three days, they still withdrew the $30. Classy.  The one bright side of this entire mess is that I'm supposed to be refunded my $30 in 7-10 days, so here's to hoping that will actually happen.

1 5 This gym is just ok. I signed up DEC 2017 then I cancelled FEB 2018. I usually go in the morning, but it just didn't give me that same feel as LVAC. When I happened to go in the evening it was packed, hot and no where to move. If you plan on coming to this gym after work around 3pm to 8pm you should just go to LVAC.  It's my be cheaper, but not better IMO.

1 6 All I can say is I love all of the location! Every location is clean all the staffs are super nice and helpful. The instructor are beyond helpful and will assist you need it. The facility is awesome and always clean which I love it! I just wish that they all get synchronize about smaller stuff nothing really big like having the diffuser everywhere and having lotion and other stuff in the bathroom like the other location coz summerlin doesn't have it. Beyond the   small stuff this place is an place to work out! The only thing is it's really expensive that's all rather than that everything else is perfect!! And I can say among all the work out place trufusion has one of the next reviews!!!! Maybe the high membership does pay off to maintain the location and how they run the place!

0 7 Items Selected: Barbells Dumbbells Squat Racks Power Racks Pull Up Stations Smith Stations Incline & Flat Benches Hammer Machines  T-Bar Rows Lying Leg Curls Leg Press Machines Treadmills, Stairmasters, Ellipticals, and Stationary Bikes Cardio Theater  Whether your goals are to lose weight, hypertrophy, or muscle gain, this gym has everything you really need. You name it, this gym has it.  But what I can't understand is the low ratings. First things first, this gym membership is pretty damn affordable.  I workout at multiple gyms and this one is by far the least expensive.  Second, this gym really has everything that you need to reach your fitness goals.  This gym may not be as big or equipped as an LVAC and I get it.  Some people need a variety of machines to get a good workout.  Not me.  All it takes to keep me happy at a gym is a few dumbbells, a power rack, some 45's, and a bench. My only issue with this gym is during the hours of 5 PM and 9 PM on a weekday, especially on a Monday.

0 15 I used to think this gym was pretty decent since it was new and clean and affordable. Then when the constant nagging by the staff to sell personal training sessions became beyond annoying things started to go downhill. While being distracted by an employee who pulled me off the elliptical to sell personal training, my locker was broken into and $1,500 in cash was stolen out of my wallet. When I called to have the cameras outside the locker room checked for suspicious activity, I was passed around to different employees. After about a week of trying to get a hold of a manager or someone higher up, I finally received the email to the district manager. The employee spelled the district managers email wrong and after typing up a very detailed story of what had happened, the email was sent back to me with an error. I searched the email online and found the correct spelling of the managers name and sent the email again. Now almost a month after sending the email, I am still ignored and have 

1 8 I paid so much money a month to deal with crappy management and lack of flexibility on plans. They strong arm you into something you can't afford, and don't allow any cancellations regardless of reason.  I moved to DOWNTOWN PHOENIX (25 miles from this location) and they still wouldn't cancel my membership. Only after a year did they finally allow me to cancel, and I had to fax in a "confirmation" of cancellation 4 times before they accepted it.   Pool is very gross and prison-like, I would never shower there, and it was like 6 inches beween the rows of treadmills. The trainers seem nice and the classes are alright, but it's just  not worth it for the contractual hassle.   you can't ever bring a guest either, which is kind of a bummer.

1 9 This is now LA Fitness. Signs still say 24 Hr outside, but you can see others have posted photos of the new owners.  So, until Yelp updates the name... LA Fitness is actually worse! The staff are super unfriendly, looks like they only kept some of the trainers. The front desk people grab your key chain, scan it and hand it back to you without looking at you.   And I don't use the bathrooms often, but holy cow they stink now. They always smell, but since LA took over it got worse.  Time to spend more money and go to a better gym.

1 10 Got a free trial, online I was offered 14 days if I gave my personal info. So I did, and when I call to get my 14 day pass, some lady tells me her location doesn't offer that, even though it just said it did online.... That sucks. So I go for a 7 day pass.  Get the details, check out the location...Very nice machines. Up to date stuff.. Nice looking floor,  everything clean...Really dug it. 35 bucks a month is a lot to spend. I really liked the gym, but Im not ready to pay that much.

0 19 I have been a member of this gym for about 5 years now. I pay $12/month and my membership rate has not increased at all. I can go any day of the week, at any time. Busiest day seems to be Monday, between 4-7 pm. This is not a gym that is open 24 hours though. They do close early on Saturday and Sunday (8pm).  They have a lot of cardio machines (elliptical, treadmill and bikes) and you'll never have to wait to use one. They do have a wide assortment of weight machines, as well as free weights. Within the past year additions included a TRX section and rowing machines.  They offer personal training sessions as well, if you are inclined to use those.  Like other reviewers have mentioned, this is a no frills gym. I usually spend 1 hour here working out and go home. Like the fact that there is no nonsense here compared to other gyms like excess selfie taking and guys/girls hitting on each other. You're definitely not finding Barbie and Ken dolls here, although City of Henderson FD come in fr

0 20 It has been a while, so I do feel the need to update this review.  (+) They have relaxed quite a bit on the towel policy...although they have me fully trained and I take one in every time now anyways lol (+) Employees are either nice or leave you alone...which I very much like. I'm not here for social hour. I just want to say Hi and go do my thing. Thanks! (+) This place still has everything you may need to get in a great workout. I do like how well they have equipped this location.  (-) Always seems to be busy. It's just a matter of how busy it is at any given point in time. Sometimes, especially earlier in the week, it can get pretty ridiculous.   Really the crowds are the only aspect of this place that I don't particularly care for. For the price though, you can't beat the value you get from being a member at EOS.  4 stars.

1 21 Stop playing games and give me my money back!!!! I absolutely am terrified to return to this gym. A few months back my son was injured badly because the staff wasn't watching the children and when they couldn't find me fast enough they lied to the General Manager and claimed I must have left. I went to pick my son up, was greeted with yelling and disrespect, the General Manager acts as if he's dating one of the staff in the childcare so nothing happens to the staff, I get an insenre re apology but only after he assumed I knew someone who works for corporate. Since that date it's been even worse . They have turned me away once loosely enforcing their scheduling policy and one staffer actually argued with me while I was working out. They gym is dirty and run down! I want my money BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

1 12 So here it is almost July and I have yet to get my refund for personal training sessions that I never received from Eos fitness back in February. BBB complaint was submitted as well as I have contacted news 13 to investigate. I don't play with my hard earned money nor my time.

1 13 I am very, VERY disappointed in the direction Smart Gym is going in and feel compelled to update my review.  They cancelled the majority of the group fitness classes they used to have (including my 6pm spin classes on Mon & Tues) in favor of new "XGT" classes which start at $59 a month. This is in addition to the membership fee. No other mainstream gym I know of charges extra $ to take classes. This sucks, Smart Gym.  Additionally, as of late I've noticed various CHILDREN on the cardio equipment and using the weight machines unattended. One boy on the stepmill the other day looked to be about 9 years old. WTF?? This place is crawling with tweens and freaking teenyboppers these days and I cannot figure out why. I joined an ADULT gym. I'm a paying member who should not have to wait for a 4th grader to finish up on the arc trainer. This is not acceptable.  Also, a few weeks ago they added a vending machine full of chips and unhealthy snacks and drinks at the entrance. HOW EMBARRASSING. It

0 16 I'll keep it brief. Both of the 24 Hour Fitness gyms close to me in the Aves blow this place away. Wait, in the ghetto Avenues, you ask?! Yes, you read that right.   The building's nice - from the outside. The inside looks kind of dated. There's too many old people in the sauna and pool area. And sorry, they kind of creep me out when I do laps. I thought this place was going to have a lot of hot Scottsdale women. Sadly, when I come at noon-2pm, this is never the case. Last big minus point - there's no Suitmate/spin dryer for bathing suits. They just have plastic bags. All of the other 24 Hour Fitness locations I've been to offer that in the locker rooms.  The only plus is that the pool is huge and you can almost always find an open lane. Otherwise, this 24H Fitness needs at least $50k invested to bring it up to date. Even the LA Fitness near Indian Bend and Hayden has this gym beat.

1 17 Horrible customer service! I tagged along this afternoon to my husbands 1:15 tee time and they charged me a rider's fee of $17... Just to sit in his cart and watch. He was a single player so it's not like we needed an extra cart or anything!  For that price I could have just played! Ridiculous.  Won't be back.

1 24 Really getting sick of being charged $1 for a towel the size of a wet nap for the occasional time I forget to bring mine. I've bought like 5 or 6 of these things by this point. I understand it's a rule to bring one in and I accept that, but the fact of the matter is that as I look around less than half of the people in here have a towel right now. So why do I get lucky enough to have my card in file charged but none of these people?? Why am I singled out?? I will keep a couple in the car from now on but I certainly don't appreciate an unfair policy and business practice that penalizes some while leaving others alone.   2 stars

1 38 I'm not a fan. At all. It's basically the same as when it was golds. I stopped halfway through my workout today to cancel my membership. Finding any available equipment is hopeless. Finding clips and handles is futile. Trying to use the stupid motion sensor water fountain will make you want to rip the dam thing off the wall. My normal 1 hour routine can easily turn into 2. 24hr fitness on Craig is absolutely perfect. I can't wait to get back.   There are enough gyms in this town that are engaging in the pricing war. It would be refreshing to see Eos take a stand and offer quality rather than a cheap membership. I'd gladly pay triple the rate for a better run facility. (California golds gyms adopted this practice) It just so happens that expensive gyms weed out the riff-raff as well. Let the talkers, texters, and unmotivated people go elsewhere. Keep my sanctuary pure.

1 27 I've been here for over a year now. I joined (with the $20/ 3 month deal) and signed up for the 2x/month package. Started with mostly group classes which are all good. Love Body Combat and Zumba! The body pump is good too. I now spend more time lifting weights and it's usually pretty convenient here. Like others have mentioned, you need to time it so it's not crowded, which is challenging. They are doing constuction in the parking lot, which is taking up a lot of space. It was already challenging to park, but now it's impossible! I cant even get in there to work out unless I go at inconvenient times. It's an ok facility, nothing special and not inexpensive. With so many other gyms around, I am looking elsewhere. This gym is not worth the hassle of fighting the crowds.

1 43 Typical gym, but...  Signed up for 3 months free trial, pressured to buy a one-year membership RIGHT NOW.  Given only 1 of promised 3 free personal training visits (they lost the record I had 3 free visits despite the free promo being documented on my contract), it took over 1 hour and was spent trying to convince me to buy more sessions and to purchase expensive supplements.  Then they lost results of that 1 personal training visit (the only good thing was the BMI results) so I couldn't gauge my own progress.  THEN, after the year was up they couldn't find the date my contract was up, I finally left a message for a mgr to call me after several unsuccessful tries (I never got a call).  Then I found my contract, asked for last date of obligation again and was told Oct. 2010 which is off by 3 months.  Seems to me that they're trying to make it hard for me to quit (by the way, 60 days written notice is required, but how can you provide that if they can't tell you a firm last date of contr

1 30 Tyler called my wife and Mary sent me an email.  They were both very nice and agreed to downgrade our accounts without a fee.  It is still up in the air if there really is a downgrade fee or not though.  I hate taking to Yelp to accomplish something that should be able to be done online or with one quick phone call, but to save time and frustration it had to be done.  ----------------------  My wife just learned that this place now has different plans and the amount we pay every month isn't even an option anymore.  We pay $19.99 and now there is a $10.95 plan that is more suitable to our needs.  Not only it is almost impossible to reach the high-ranking official that is the only one capable of managing such a complex transaction, but they charge you a $40 "downgrade" fee.  Welp...this is my 3 star to 1 star downgrade fee because of how difficult and costly they make the simplest of things.

0 32 You get what you pay for. Nothing overly exciting about this place and sometimes feels a bit dirty to me. There's only one full squat rack. I don't think I'd ever try to use the showers there. But again, you get what you pay for.

0 33 Decent gym. I usually come here around 9PM to 11PMish to avoid the crowd but around 9-10:30PM it's still gets packed. Some days they check if you have towels, some days not. If they happen to check and you don't have one, I know they make you buy one of there towels for $1, so to be safe always bring your towel.   I wish they had more sanitizing stations, I've only spotted two so far but maybe there's more and I just haven't noticed. There's a pool, a yoga, and a cinema room that plays movies while you're on the cardio equipment.   Overall I like this gym. I'm not a hardcore bodybuilder or fitness person so for me it's got the basic essentials, cardio equipment, weights etc. They are also building a store next called "the Protein Store" next door, not sure when it's going to open though!  There's a basic membership which is about $10/month ($99 to start) and you only have access to the floor equipment. So no cinema room, pool, yoga room and all that. Also, you can only attend that spec

1 24 This gym is the best I have ever experienced and worth every expensive penny! My two favorite things about this fitness club is that there is always a cardio machine that I WANT to use any time of day I go and I can always find a spot in the group classes even if its five minutes before or after the class starts which was unheard of at my other gym.  The cardio and weight equipment: The cardio equipment is on the first floor and is always in pristine condition and if by the rare chance I see a machine that is out-of-order, its fixed in 24 hours. There are 5 Stairmaster stepmill machines in addition to two traditional Stairmaster. There are 12-15 treadmills (with personal tv's) including a few unique treadmills, several elliptical machines, recumbent bikes (that have personal fans), and stationary bicycles.  I will say that this area can get a little hot because the ceiling is not high, but this is the only compliant I have about Gainey Village.  The workout group class:  These are the 

1 35 I wish I had never met Gainey. I wish I had never opened the glass doors and peeked my head in to the treasures that lay inside. I'm ruined for life, no other gym is ever going to compare. Mamma was right when she told me "You get whatchoo pay for" because the membership fees here are outrageous. I think I can justify the cost though... I should spend as much money on keeping myself healthy as I do on keeping myself intoxicated each month. Right?!  Alright, cost aside, here is why Gainey rocks the Health Spa - The equipment is fairly new and in great shape - The treadmills have individual Ipod docs and televisions and they actually work.  Locker Rooms - WOW! Awesome locker room, well stocked (deodorant, body spay, lotion, shampoo, shaving cream, razors ect) and very clean. There are individual showers and getting ready stations, there is a hot tub, steam room, sauna and an outdoor pool.  STEAM ROOM - You can sit in a large clean steam room and spray Eucalyptus.  Breathe in healing scen

1 36 I've been going to TruFusion for about  a month now and I absolutely love it. After being a college athlete and spending much of my late teens/early 20s working out additionally in a traditional gym I was severely burned out. I swore off working out for three years and instead maintained my weight through diet. After realizing that sitting in an office chair probably wasn't the best for my health I researched gym alternatives and decided on TruFusion. I was impressed by the number of classes they offered and how early and late the classes went in the day. The membership was also relatively cheap compared to similar gyms.   I was warned by friends when I signed up that TruFusion was "so busy and crowded now, especially at nights." This worried me as I planned on mostly going after work around 6. Maybe these warnings helped me think it was going to be worse than it is but I don't find it to be a problem at all. Most of the time as long as you get there 10-15 early and are there when they

0 28 It's usually cheap and the layout is ok. It is a short course, par 70 that runs through a wash area. It was always in pretty good shape. There is no driving range. It's nothing special but it's fun. Not sure what else to say about this one really.?.

1 38 I was interested in joining smart gym this summer. I got a week pass to the gym and really liked it. After my week pass, I sat down with the GM to talk pricing. I felt like he was playing games with me. Trying to get me to name my price to join the gym and how he can magically waive fees but in reality tack on more money to my monthly bill. There are plenty of other gyms in the area although the gym is nice and I would have liked to join.

1 40 I had to do the 2 stars based on this gym being shady like a car dealership. Beware of them changing the prices and the things you get...there is no such thing as the $9.99 monthly. They charge a $59 set up fee, Then a $49 yearly "improvement fee"..which I have not seen one improvement. In fact there are several cardio machines broken for weeks! They sold us on having a kid center and bringing in a guest. Then when you try to use them the kid center is open 3 hours a day and the policies constantly change...NEVER in your favor. There are heavy 45lb weight plates left on every piece of equipment. There is no staff presence on the floor and nobody to help. However....there are always 4 staff members talking with friends at the front desk. I would spend a bit more b/c this place is a scam.

1 41 I went to the spa at the end of September and feel very ripped off. A friend referred me to Lisa-my friend has not gone to her but knew her- I couldn't get into my friends original referral because she was so busy - getting into Lisa right away should have told me something .  Don't go !!!! It's a waste of money - I got Botox and filler - I've had both previously- few years back so I know how long it should last and also I am very realistic !   Amazing - I get a message that they could not find my records of me being there the last week of September spending $1200.00 !

1 31 I've been going here for a few months now and I love it. The variety is great and MOST of the instructors are great. My favorite thing about this place is that they have classes ALL day long (start early and go into the night) most days and they have a wide variety of classes. I pick a class each day based on how I'm feeling and how much I want my butt kicked. :) Unfortunately, this place is pretty expensive, they have great student pricing, but for non-students it is pretty pricey in my opinion. The facilities (even the locker rooms) are really clean and very nicely maintained. It's also great that you can sign up for classes online in advance, because some of them get really full and you can have a guaranteed spot that way. If you can afford it, I'd definitely look into it.   Yelp-100 Review Challenge: #1

1 1 41 I went to the spa at the end of September and feel very ripped off. A friend referred me to Lisa-my friend has not gone to her but knew her- I couldn't get into my friends original referral because she was so busy - getting into Lisa right away should have told me something .  Don't go !!!! It's a waste of money - I got Botox and filler - I've had both previously- few years back so I know how long it should last and also I am very realistic !   Amazing - I get a message that they could not find my records of me being there the last week of September spending $1200.00 !

0 46 Cut my membership because they sold way too many and the gym is almost always overcrowded and certain machines that are more popular like the squat rack are so limited that you spend a good amount of time waiting or having to change your routine around to get it AND you may miss your window as someone else may have just decided to wait around and jumped on before you. LVAC has much more to flexibility to offer.

0 47 Its pretty decent for the price but it would be nice if they added more bags like L.A fitness, not liking how they put the bag in the middle of the gym for everyone to stare at, not to mention there is only one and a lot of people like to use it... they could add bags to one of the rooms.. I noticed the room for the classes is empty pretty often. This would improve the gym, the faux grass around the training bag is a bit annoying.

1 48 So this place really bums me out, when I started going here over a year ago it was a yoga focused place with kind people and a laid back flow. In just over a year it has done a 180. They got rid of their online signup, turned a yoga room into a cycling room, made every class packed to the max, and made everything super corporate. Imagine being sardines in a hot Pilates class, other people's swear and feet hitting you, and all the while trying make more room as late comers enter whenever they want.  I tried to renew my membership over the phone before they raised their prices in January by over $100 a year and no one could help me, then when I went to do it in person they said I would need to pay the new inflated rate because I missed the deadline. So in the end, they lost me as a client. The people running it are way too focused on making it all about the corporate image and have sold out. When I emailed them to ask of someone could help me renew my annual membership, no one ever got b

0 36 Gym used to be good as Golds gym. Since the sale and name change, it has gone downhill fast.  Dumbbells never where they belong.  No employees on the floor to keep lazy members to put their stuff away.  No employees to at least clean up the gym floor for the equipment out of place. Sauna is broken half the time. Spa usually dirty with foam bubbles in it.  Use the weights and bounce since the gym is not remarkable anymore.  Luckily it's cheap for old time members.

1 49 Came in with a trial membership, then after that was over, I signed up for a yr agreement.  I was a member for 1 year and when I signed up, basically the sales person lied to me.  I mainly bought this membership so that I could use the kettle bells.  Anyway, I did ask the right questions up front, but was lied to.  Basically, it would have been cheaper to just buy all the kettle bells, which I have bought what I have needed now.  The gym is not structured the way I work out and I was really disappointed.  You can't use the kettle bells unless you sign up for specific classes that use them and those are extra.  Wasted my money - about $360.  After having memberships at LA Fitness and Lifetime, this place really is awful.  Of course, the salesperson no longer worked there by the time my membership was over.  Lot of good it did me as it didn't get me out of the contract.

1 50 Not a bad gym. Older equipment, sure, but hardly any people. I'll update the longer we go. Coming from California, this is more updated than most 24 hour gyms we've been to, so maybe our standards are lower. However, the age of the equipment has nothing to do with how well your workout will go. Cleanliness? Seems clean to me.  For $25/month, I dont expect much. And, let's be realistic, this is 24hour, not some small gym or super expensive one that cares about service. I've paid less and got less, paid more and got more, but who cares. The gym works for us and I don't have to take up garage space for equipment anymore. I see nothing to complain about, unless you're expecting a spa and not a gym...in which case, you're not really here for working out.

1 1 1 41 I went to the spa at the end of September and feel very ripped off. A friend referred me to Lisa-my friend has not gone to her but knew her- I couldn't get into my friends original referral because she was so busy - getting into Lisa right away should have told me something .  Don't go !!!! It's a waste of money - I got Botox and filler - I've had both previously- few years back so I know how long it should last and also I am very realistic !   Amazing - I get a message that they could not find my records of me being there the last week of September spending $1200.00 !

1 1 6 All I can say is I love all of the location! Every location is clean all the staffs are super nice and helpful. The instructor are beyond helpful and will assist you need it. The facility is awesome and always clean which I love it! I just wish that they all get synchronize about smaller stuff nothing really big like having the diffuser everywhere and having lotion and other stuff in the bathroom like the other location coz summerlin doesn't have it. Beyond the   small stuff this place is an place to work out! The only thing is it's really expensive that's all rather than that everything else is perfect!! And I can say among all the work out place trufusion has one of the next reviews!!!! Maybe the high membership does pay off to maintain the location and how they run the place!

1 1 1 6 All I can say is I love all of the location! Every location is clean all the staffs are super nice and helpful. The instructor are beyond helpful and will assist you need it. The facility is awesome and always clean which I love it! I just wish that they all get synchronize about smaller stuff nothing really big like having the diffuser everywhere and having lotion and other stuff in the bathroom like the other location coz summerlin doesn't have it. Beyond the   small stuff this place is an place to work out! The only thing is it's really expensive that's all rather than that everything else is perfect!! And I can say among all the work out place trufusion has one of the next reviews!!!! Maybe the high membership does pay off to maintain the location and how they run the place!


 ###### Price  positive ######
1 4 They say first impressions are everything. Friend of mine, Kevin (A little shot out to you) recommended this gym so I figured I would drop by and see if it's to my liking. It's put together like my current gym, lifetime fitness. Has a daycare/childcare facility. Not as lavish as what I've grown accustomed to but it looks adequate for my daughters needs. This gym has tanning, a small lap pool and spa, wet and dry saunas, aerobic training rooms, cycling room, a plethora of ISO machines & over in the corner and average amount of free weights for getting your swole.   After touring the gym I sat down with the salesman and he'd try to work me over like an sweaty old punching bag. But this one Legged dog didn't give up easy, we negotiated a price that was sufficient enough for me to consider dropping my old habits and picking up this new one.   Don't worry yelpers! After mingling with the natives & beating down sum of their equipment, I will update my review so you can make your own decision

1 2 Simply the best health club... maybe in America?  Certainly competes with the best of NYC or LA.  Too pricey for me.  My friend gives me all her guest passes so I can poach the club on occasion.  Tons of great classes, a beautiful space, the most luxurious locker room (more like a spa) that I have ever been in. High tech equipment (the cardio machine have individual little tv screens). Full indoor basketball court.  The club hosts happy hours with free food and discounted wine...  if you take advantage of everything the club has to offer, I think it is well worth the money.  Truly more like a country club for gym people than a gym.

1 4 Whenever I come here I am satisfied! The front desk has always been really helpful and kind. They keep the facility clean and well maintained. The price is incredible. I love that it's not a contract, so I can cancel anytime I feel it's necessary for my finances. They have great equipment that I find useful. They have plenty of treadmills so I never have to worry about waiting for one to become available. I usually would go at nighttime and I believe during the day it's a lot busier. All in all I feel really comfortable coming to this gym and whenever I know I need to get back into the exercise grind I come back to sign up here and push at it! Also they have a power tower so I can do a ton of leg lifts at the end of my workout, and if I don't see one of those at a gym I literally will not join. Satisfied customer over here!!

1 5 I've worked out daily for a long time, and have been motivated at times by a long bike ride, marathon training, weightlifting, etc. Lately I found myself in a bit of a lull and was looking for something new. I already have access to a beautiful free gym at work, but I kinda wanted something extra. I had a couple friends as former members of TruFusion, and they raved about it, plus it's super close to my house, so I put it on my list of "potentials." The facility is really beautiful and "spa-y" with nice bathrooms and showers with shampoo and soap in them (+1 in my book). The price is reasonable at $70/month if you autopay 2 months in advance. Which is kinda a sneaky way to get your money, even after you decide you want to leave, but whatever. The instructors and front desk staff have all been super friendly and I've enjoyed the variety of classes I've attended so far. The real reasons I like it are the variety of classes: bootcamp, pilates, kettlebell, battleropes, and of course yoga. 

1 8 Decent gym, I go here since it is so conveniently close. It gets packed, so what? Be happy that people in the area care about their health and that should motivate you as well. Popular gym equals less parking space, no biggie. I have no real complaints of this place. It has what I need at the minimum. They added rubber plates for powerlifting which is cool but I do wish they had more space for power lifting but they do with what they got. I also wish the right side water fountain was as cold as the left.   I do dislike that they have stopped me multiple times for not having a rag but at the same time allow others to walk through without one. They selectly enforce their policy hmmm... Anyways I bring a rag every time now to avoid it.   It's kept clean and maintanence is regular. So that's nice. But for what it's worth, I'd probably go to LVAC if it wasn't so far away. Still a good gym and decently priced, can't beat it in the area.

1 9 Pretty decent gym esp for $9.99 at month. EOS is 24hours- most packed on Monday nights after 6Pm when everyone (including myself) is working off the weekend guilt eating.  Idk why people complain about the "wasted space" where the greenery is. That is what sets this gym apart from other. A place to do walking squats, rope exercises, stretches and running weights, sprinting races and a place to stretch and do abs with friends. I absolutely love the green artificial grass space. They have a full gym with all the free weights, bars, squat machines, chest presses, 4 fully equipped areas for Rows, triceps, chest and pulley weights.  HUGE CARDIO area with lateral leg machines, stair steppers, ellipticals and treadmills. They also have a room soley dedicated to loud music and cinema cardio. Not sure if I get this concept but to each their own.  Membership comes with access to the heated pool, sauna and exercise classes which are offered early in the morning 6am, midday (who has time to workou

1 10 Amazing studio!!! Love their schedule from early morning to late night and a variety in between. Their prices aren't gouging your wallet and they have a nice, clean, big studio. So many different classes, heated and not heated with great instructors and helpful front desk staff. They have nice, big locker rooms, a fresh water machine and a smoothie bar that can have your smoothie ready right after class if you want. Top studio in town if you ask me. Love the location. Hoping they keep their prices affordable!

1 11 Beautiful new studio in the SE.  First class instructors.  Variety of classes (hot and not), TRX/Bootcamp, Hot Pilates, Yin Yoga, Kettlebell, Trigger Point and on and on.  Pricing is reasonable for all of the variety.

0 41 I've been a member for more than a year --- even if I don't go near as much as I should! Very, very cool place for yoga. I tend to stick to Tru Fusion and Tru Flow class, but have sampled Pilates, TRX and many others.   Perhaps my favorite part is that it is always clean. I've done 6 am before work and the facilities are always spotless. They also have great lockers where you do not need a lock. Just remember your combination :-)  Juice bar and all that is also great. No complaints at all. They did raise the prices last year. But it's not unreasonable for what you get. I'd highly encourage anyone from cubicle jockeys like myself to finely conditioned athletes to check it out.

1 12 Great Place To Golf  Lounge is Good As Well Food Good Reasonable Priced. Lots of Perks Like the Lounge Great Location

0 21 The course is just average all around.  Paid $30 using golf now and was happy I did not pay any more.  The front nine has numerous holes running parallel and there were two groups that were swearing and about to fight over one hitting into another.  The back nine is more challenging and weaves around between homes.  The front nine was really soft and the greens were kind of beat up.  With so many other places to play I would look around before coming back.  I can't imagine paying what they get for this place when it is not on summer rates.

1 13 Been going to lvac for 4 years prior to this gym. I switch between the two still. Overall for the price this is a decent gym. Expect a really packed gym during peak hours, but what's new? My only complaint is they wasted space by adding way too many treadmills instead of stair masters or extra equipment such as squat racks. Since this gym is fairly new it's pretty clean. The basketball court is very small... Small as in not even half court. You have about 3 squat racks and 2 smiths. The staff is really awesome! Everyone gets to know you after seeing you so many times. Brandon is a friendly guy and always brings his enthusiasm to work! You can tell he cares about his job and does his best to accommodate clients.

1 14 Silverado GC is great for what you pay. I have golfed 18 holes here several times during peak hours for under $25.The staff is easy-going and resourceful which can be an issue some places. The course itself is well maintained, and well designed, ending with the beautiful 18th tee box. The greens play fast and the desert shrubbery aside the fairway can gobble up a miscalculated shot. This is certainly not Troon North but is also a step above your average public course. You will see jackrabbits, cacti, and desert birds. The pro shop has sweet deals, and a small bar for snacks and drink. Rate of play is ideal. I will be teeing off again at Silverado.

1 15 .....Smart gym is doing exactly what it's purpose to do..... Offer an affordable monthly rate and a variety of gym equipment to choose from..... It's up to you to get up and go to the gym!

1 17 Course was in great shape except for hole 1 which was being aerated but you couldn't beat the price. No driving range, but a very large putting green. Fairways are forgivable on some holes and target golf on others. Not too many hazards which will keep your ball in play. Love this course but it's a little far to go from my house.

1 18 I have to bump up the rating, despite the large membership cost, this place is amazing! Very clean facility, friendly staff, great classes, just please lower the price to what it was before!!

1 19 Played this course more times than I could count and for some reason I am just now getting to this review. Its a fun track you can score easily on. The advanced golfer may not be challenged as most holes are pretty straight. Its a great summer course because of prices and availability. If you play really early in the morning you can be done with a round in under 4 hours no problem. If you play late in the afternoon there are some really views around the scottsdale area. 18 is really fun par 3.

1 20 Great place to have lunch or a late breakfast. Reasonable prices and good food. The patio is especially nice when the weather is cool. Highly recommend!

1 22 I came here to do Hot Pilates with a good friend of mine. It was our first time, and fortunately, the staff was very patient with us and they made small talk with us while we registered to get into class. Apparently, if you sign up for a week at TruFusion, you can do as many classes as you want for $7.00. Not a bad price.   On top of that, TruFusion was a simple and super clean studio that featured a cafe, jewelry and workout clothes, in which you can experience yourself pre or post workout.  The workout itself was absolutely phenomenal. The Hot Pilates instructor (I forgot her name) was great and challenged the whole class to keep going in the 80 degree 40% humid studio. There were tons of people that enrolled in the class, so make sure to get there early to reserve a spot on the ground, otherwise, you'll be stuck in front of the door like I was (even though it wasn't half bad).  I would definitely recommend friends to come here with their friends and get an intense workout in. It's t

1 23 The staff, instructors, and classes at Trufusion are amazing! I have been coming here for about two years now. I love this place so much. Whenever I have a stressful day I come meditate, but I also get in a good stretch and a work-out. They have a plethora of classes that include yoga, pilates, kettle bell, battle ropes, cycling, and more but I usually just do yoga and pilates. It is definitely worth the price, and I highly recommend anyone wanting to try yoga to come here!

1 25 I freakin love this gym! I've worked out at Gold's and 24 Hour Fitness and this is my favorite by far.   First off: Jason is no longer here. I didn't have an issue with him, but I see others did.  Secondly: this place is never too busy, there's plenty of weights, cardio machines, lifting machines, etc. Everything you need for a great workout is here. It's quiet, feels like a private gym, and the machines are generally clean and maintained well. I've never had a problem with customer service here.  It's more expensive than most, but totally worth it. You definitely get what you pay for here.

1 26 For a pilates studio, I think that the prices are really reasonable. The best part about it is if you buy a membership for 12 classes, they don't ever expire. Most pilates studios have an expiration date on their packages. I've tried the Power Vinyasa and the Pilates Mat and Arc. I love both classes and I am definitely feeling the soreness afterwards. One time I went to a Pilates Mat and Arc and there was no one else that came, so Andrea (the Owner) gave me a good workout on the apparatus machine. I was sore for a week! I definitely give this studio 5 stars!

0 37 The condition of the course is pretty consistent, every now and then there seems to be standing water on the course. The greens are pretty good for a short little par 72 course. The pro shop guys are always nice. Pace of play is terrible. Ownership needs to do a much better job of getting people to speed up so you can get in a 4 hour round of golf, not a 5 hour round, that's unacceptable. If a foursome is playing slow the Ranger needs to pull them aside to let a few groups play thru. It's as simple as that. It should be that was on any course your playing, keeping up or get passed up. I would not spend more than $45 during the winter to play the course, there's other good deals out there if you're spending more than that for the overall quality of the course conditions.

1 27 What's not to love about this location?!?  As the previous reviews have stated they have great instructors, spa like facilities, variety of classes and times and price that makes it seem too good to be true!  Martin, Tony, and Liz are awesome instructors!   They were some of my favorites when they taught kettlebell, barefoot boot camp and pilates at Vegas Hot.

1 29 Great gym at a great price. I've had nothing but positive experiences with this gym and its staff. No problems, I come in on the weekends and sometimes during the week when I can. The place  has plenty of cardio equipment and lots of free weights which I love.        There is pleanty of gyms out there but Fitness works is definitely at the top of neighborhood gyms and right off the freeway.

1 30 This is a gym that delivers on its expectations 100% No Frills, all the equipment is placed into a large room but they have plenty of treadmills, elipticals, stairmasters, and stationary bikes.   They also have free weights, circuit training and plenty of machines. With several televisions and equipment in better than average shape, Fitness 19 delivers. THe kids club is limited in hours and kind of small, geared mostly for the younger kids. The staff is friendly enough.  Most important is the price.  although you can pay as high as 12 dollars a month, specials as low as $9.00 are available.  Also, if you refer a friend, you get a dollar off if they join and can drop your monthly fee as low as $5.00 per month.  If you expect a juice bar, pool, aerobics and free training, this is not the gym for you but if you are dedicated to working out and already know the equipment you like, you can't go wrong here.

1 32 I absolutely LOVE this place. Super affordable, great variety of classes to choose from and all the instructors are very knowledgable!   My favorite class is HOT PILATES with LIZ. She is so fun and very encouraging.   Only $49.99 a month with no contract! This studio is seriously the best!

1 33 For the price I pay per month I think I get my moneys worth. Two story gym. Ground floor offers machines and free weights. Second floor is cardio. Great movie theatre to get your cardio going and to keep your mind off of how long you been on the machine. Pool, sauna, variety of classes and basketball court is all there.

1 34 Nice gym..lots of equipment. Usual problem only worse...when you try and use the lateral pulldown ect, its just always crammed with young guys who just hog the machines, they have three, they need six, iv'e been at different times of the day and alwsys crowded.  wish there were aerobic classes in the afternoon. Really no place to stretch unless you want people working machines right next to you..bad!  Other than what i mentioned, a  nice gym for the price.

1 35 Go talk to Brandon! I walked in knowing nothing about the gym, and walked out a new member! He was super helpful and not pushy. I felt like I got a thorough run down of the gym and the prices are better than I've seen anywhere else. Super excited to start going! I also met with Shawn (you get a free training session when you sign up) and he has lost 100 lbs so I'm super stoked to start training with him! He was also super nice!

1 38 Love this location. It's big and spacious - tons of variety for all your needs. Includes a sauna and pool area which is a huge plus! I also think these facilities are extremely clean, especially with how busy this location can get. Also EOS pricing is fantastic across the valley so there's that!

1 39 This place is busy yes, but what do you expect for a great price and a gym who has it all? A pool, classes, steam room, cinema cardio and all kinds of machines! Brian (who looks like Paul walker) was great and gave me a great price for singing up. He was pleasant to work with and I also had other family members go see him as well. The best Zumba class on Wednesdays with Linda. She's great fun and everyone has a great time no matter what your experience is! If you don't like crowds, go before the 5pm rush!

1 40 Silverado should not be classed as a bargain golf course but I was able to score a good price online. Having said that, let's look at this course. 4 star clubhouse and restaurant, beautiful putting green and pitching area. Unfortunately,  there's no driving range but there is a net for warming up the driver. The area can, especially after a hard rain, become very flooded. So bring mosquito spray with you.  Silverado is located just south of McCormick Ranch and about 20 minutes from Sky Harbour air port.    I hope you get a chance to play Silverado. Take a few extra bottles of cold water, look for some specials and enjoy this great desert golf course.

1 41 Best instructors in Vegas, great facility, great price!  I started doing hot yoga in West LA at a place called Core Power, which is a really great place although expensive.  When I started doing it in Vegas, I found Vegas Hot.  Vegas Hot's facility wasn't as nice as Core Power, but it still had great instructors and I really enjoyed the classes and other members.  As to the instructors, Martin Hinton, Liz Steers, and Danielle MacDonald were my favorites.  So when Martin and Liz left to start TruFusion, I had to give it a try.    Hands down, TruFusion is a great place.  Without a doubt, it is the best hot yoga studio I have been to in Vegas and it is close to Core Power in LA.  Martin and Liz, along with some other great instructors, are teaching classes so I know I'll always leave feeling satisfied with my workout.  I appreciate the clean bathrooms, soap/shampoo/conditioner in the showers, and the unique lockers that are self-locking so I don't have to bring a lock with me.    Finally,

1 42 For the price you pay it's definitely worth it here. The staff is really great at this location - they give you a friendly hello and goodbye every time without fail and it's GENUINE. Not too many places you'll find that! Gym is clean, locker room is decent. $25 a month is a great deal if you like the group fitness classes (this level of membership also allows you to use their other locations so I go to Sahara for classes sometimes depending on my schedule). Every instructor I've taken from has been a lot of fun. Range of levels and experience in the classes but the teachers for sure do their best to cater to that. This gym can get a little crowded (I do see people waiting for machines during peak times) and parking is difficult as the lot is not huge but if you can get beyond that you're good. I've gone a handful of times after work at midnight/1am and it's nice and quiet around then lol. Every staff member I've briefly interacted with has been positive and professional. Shout out to t

1 44 It's always a challenge to visit a new yoga studio, but 103 definitely made feel like home.  I love the variety of their classes and hours of classes that they offer! They offer the early bird classes on 6am and also some late classes on 7is 8ish! Perfect!  Personally I love the heated yoga, after practice Bikram for years, the high temperature will not make my work out easier but more efficient!  Then i kinda got sick of doing the same thing over and over again.  Until i found this place!  Most of the classes are held in a heated room with approx 94F.  Its not as hot as Bikram and this is just perfect.  $89 for monthly unlimted classes.  Good deal!

1 45 Great prices! All the basic tools you need to workout.  The gym restrooms are always dirty. If equipment or something breaks it takes a very long time to repair. There are men's locks with broken or no doors since I joined five months ago...:( The staff is friendly.

1 46 Nice gym for the price, hours are convenient and machines are well kept. I would have liked to see more ab machines in the mix, but there were other resources to use instead.

1 47 Great course for the price and location. Easier for the more casual golfer. Favors right handed players who slice. Greens in great shape for volume of play.   Need to enforce the pace of play rules a little better. Some groups take way too long

1 48 It's a good gym for the price you pay. Membership varies on what type of experience you want. Like every gym it's packed beginning of the week especially Mondays (international chest day).  They have a decent amount of classes if you're into that (Spin, Zumba, body attack, etc.). The gym also has a kids club (daycare), swimming pool, basketball court, and tanning booths. .  All and all a really good gym.

1 49 My first time at EOS was great. I heard a lot of great things and they met my expectations and more. Marc was very knowledgeable, friendly and enthusiastic- he made the process to get my membership very easy and I left motivated to meet my fitness goals. It's extremely clean and there was a lot of people but not uncomfortable or crowded. Prices are really good too!

1 50 They have an awesome staff. Students get great prices. TB testing is $10 each. Drug test screenings $25. Physicals are $30. And Flu Shots are free for students!


 ###### Service  negative ######
1 1 The people here are extremely rude. No one will even bother to hold the door when you're right behind them.  I tried multiple times to book classes online and couldn't get anything to work.  The staff doesn't seem to know much about anything either. Took me 3 tries to cancel my membership, which I rarely ever used. There was one really nice girl from North Carolina who worked here though, she really tried to help, but that's about.

1 2 Not the best gym to have so many around. It is not the facility or equipment that rates this a two but the piss poor customer service and money hungry employees. Nice, helpful and very friendly when signing you up. Once that is done..no one has time for you. You can clearly see what their goals are. Reminds me of people working for commission. Billing department is worse. I have seen several employees personal life come into the gym not in a good way. Staff and managers about to fight in front of a full gym of customers trying to work out. Facility is lovely with a dry sauna, indoor pool, different classes and cardio machine inside a movie theater upstairs and down. 95% of their machines are operational. They made this place 10x better when they got rid of the  fitness sback place. They were another problem. Unfortunately still have kids working and over zealous employees. Came back to see a lot of changes but even with a different staff they hire the same kind of people who have poor 

1 3 I am disappointed in their cancellation policy. We had two memberships, one for our teenage son and one for my husband with both having the ability to bring a guest. We were told we can cancel at any time for any reason. Since my son was using a different gym, we no longer needed his membership so I called to cancel and was told to call a different company to cancel. I called them and they told me I had to send an email confirming my cancellation. I was told I had to give a 30 day notice so I was charged another $24.95 for the month. Then the next month another $24.95 was charged. I call up the location they said they can't help but to call the other company again. I call that company and they say they can't help either. Then I'm calling the gym to talk to the manager who says she will try to get it refunded, it's been months and no refund. Then I send an email 2 months ago to put my husbands acct on hold while he's recovering from surgery and restricted from lifting weights. We are ch

1 4 I'm editing my review because it really is inconvenient when you can't sign up for class and ensure your spot. Sometimes we're coming from work or other activities where we can arrive on time and not 30 minutes early. Because they've stopped allowing us to sign up for classes online even more students are coming to classes because they can't track approximately how many people to expect per class.  It's fun to work out in a group setting but I find myself concentrating more on not hitting the person next to me than my actual exercises. The convenience of classes being scheduled through out the day is great, even with evening classes, but they need to cap a limit on how many people can attend a class. It takes away from the experience.

1 5 This review is on the lack of customer service at this studio. I purchased a groupon for 10 classes and was not able to use it because no one would call me back to schedule my appointments (I had questions regarding the individual classes and wanted to talk to the person.) I left messages and even went by the studio during "open" hours but the doors were locked. So I wasted $30 and countless minutes of my life due to there unprofessionalism. Double thumbs down for this studio!!!

0 4 Awesome gym with A LOT, A LOT of classes to choose from! All the yoga classes I have done they are fantastic, my favorite is Martin's Soulful Sunday at 8:30 am. Hot Pilates is very good also but none ever check your posture and I got hurt from that. Kettle-bells, battleropes, flygym and many more, all very good classes. The cycle room is a different story to me: if you take Laura's class you are in for a treat, a fun challenging ride! Laura knows what she is doing and it shows! I took at least 5 other teachers cycle classes and I could not stop staring at the clock wishing for the class to be over! The place is so busy you feel like you are just a number.

0 6 Ive been working out here for about a month now.  I wanted to wait until I had enough experiences here to accurately give a review.  My current workout routine is generally every morning between 6am and 8am.  One of the main reasons I signed up here was because I was told they limit the number of active memberships to keep from overcrowding.  During the time I am working out, there is usually between 3-5 others working.  This may not seem like a lot, but I also came once in the afternoon and once on a Saturday and both times the place was not crowded, so I am happy with that so far.  The equipment is top notch.  They have a good variety of machines, treadmills, and free weights.  You can work on pretty much anything you want.  I am mostly working on muscle gain and I love the weight machines as well as all the free weights they have available.  It's nice that I don't have to fight over machines with others due to some overcrowding.  I also like that they have private shower rooms, 1 fo

1 6 I still love their classes and instructors at Tru.. The pricing and "customer service?".. Not so much. The front desk isn't on the same page, which is the major problem to me. It's gotten a lot worse as of late. One instance was, I called, stating my niece is an out of towner, and asked about the 7.00 week to try out the studio. They said, yes bring her in, sounds good. I get there and they wanted to charge me 30 for ONE DAY because she wasn't a local. That is not what they said on the phone that same day and I mentioned she doesn't live here. This week I was going to renew my plan with my CSN student ID and class schedule. I talked to someone on the phone AND through email about doing so and nothing was ever mentioned about having to be a full time student to take advantage of student pricing. Nobody is on the same page lately. They are about to open a ton more locations. Quality going a bit down if you ask me. I hope Tru doesn't get cocky. I really hope they stay humble and focus on 

1 7 I used to have a membership here but it expired after a year, the classes were great and I loved the larger array of different instructors to choose from. I heard that since they they have new owners who really changed a lot of stuff so I wasn't interested in renewing. It is a family gym environment but the parking is limited.

1 8 Overall nice place, nice staff. Really dirty I took pictures in the sauna over a year ago and the same trash is still in the same spot with more added.  Mold in the pool area.  The return air vents in the pool area, look like they have black mold.

1 10 Beware!! We canceled our membership in March and they will charge for 60 more days which we knew about but have continued to charge past that to this date.  Sent a complaint to BBB.  They are dirty, dirty and also the gym is waaaay overcrowded b/c they oversold memberships.  Switch to mountainside.

1 11 This place is a joke!! They give you a hard time when wanting to cancel your membership and act like car salesmen. Can't wait for Planet Fitness to open in Surprise!

1 12 I started here using a Groupon because it's nearby my house and doesn't have outrageous fees. The place isn't overwhelming like some gyms, but that also means it's not huge. Don't get me wrong, there are PLENTY of treadmills and ellipticals here. In fact, they're pretty fancy ones too. TVs on each screen, which you can hook your ipod up to or just watch reruns of Paula Deen on the Food Network simply to be evil to yourself. This gym always seems to try to be improving its machines and weights, which is nice.   My biggest problems would be that there's only one shower in the ladies changing rooms and it drains awfully. The water doesn't stay in and it rolls all the way over to my shoes, plus there's nowhere for me to hang a towel. My other problem is that their check-in system is terrible. I've tried many times to check-in via fancy fingerprint .007 whatever that thing is, but every time I'm left awkwardly telling the person behind the counter my name. They stare into the computer scree

1 13 Let me clarify! Five stars for the facility, amazing instructors and staff. One star for a terribly rude receptionist that doesn't understand the term NAMASTE! Here's a tip.... Don't blame me because you made the choice of "reception" as your profession. Everyone else So pleasant when you arrive and accommodating I am Confused as to how or why a unpleasant person greets you at at yoga studio. #puzzled.

0 21 I love working out here they have a cardio room and then next to it up stairs they have a cardio room with a freaking TV like a massive movie theater TV i love this gym.

1 14 Overall the biggest reason I am not renewing my membership after being a customer for about 5 months is because I can't deal with how crowded it gets.  I was hoping with the opening of 2 new studios, the crowds would die down, but I still have to arrive insanely early and be matt to matt with the person next to me.  This may not be a deal breaker for some, but it really ruins the experience for me. The thing that bothers me the most is that you can see them selling single session deals on their website for their most crowded classes.  I can see doing this for the less crowded classes, but it's annoying that they run specials that make a packed class even more crowded.  As seen in most reviews, the front desk staff is either rude or just doesn't seem to care.  I never got a tour, and I had one instance where a minor confusion could've been easily solved yet the front desk staff was just RUDE about the situation.    The pros: VERY clean and nice facility! I love that! Locker room is mode

0 23 The gym is kinda tight and it is super busy ALL the time even early in the morning which is rough, I guess you can't really blame the gym for this but it can be rough to try to get a quality workout in. Let's just say a 45 min workout at this location with be 1.5 hours and I'm not even joking. The staff here is friendly and great and you will even see the owner around cleaning and greeting members which is nice to see.  If it was ever possible it would be nice for them to purchase the building next to them and expand and it will be better for everyone all around

1 16 This place tries to stand out but they are just like all the rest.  There is really nothing that makes them better or worse than all the other gyms.  Relatively the same equipment, fees, classes, contracts, etc. as you would find anywhere else.  Sure the place may look different and the sales guy will point out the stupid leather on the machines or make it sound like their $20/month deal is going away because they are losing money or something stupid like that; but its all the same stuff.  $1 to join (I'm not sure what that is but it is literally idiotic) plus some other $39 fee that they charge you every year for god knows what.  I gave them the wrong phone number when I signed up so they wouldn't constantly call me to press their personal training or sell me other junk.  My wife wasn't so smart and it has been a comedy of errors for her to set up her "free" session.  I tried to get a pass for a few days to try out the place before hearing the sales guy drone on about nonsense, but he

0 25 The management has changed and they are much better with communication and customer service! Mary sent me an email and was able to help with both kids club and my membership issues.

0 26 Not really sure why all the bad reviews. This location is pretty huge compared to some of the other ones and it's very new. It's a bit of a ways out there, but location is irrelevant since everyone lives in different areas. But it's close to the 215 and easy to get to.  We come here primarily for Scott's yoga classes on Thurs nights since we have a closer location if we wanted to just work out. This location has a dedicated yoga room. Which means many times after class, if you want to stay and talk with the instructor, or stick around and play around for a few more minutes you can. There isn't another class waiting to come in. Well that is my experience at least from the times we go.  I've also found the instructors to mostly be very good, and several of the teachers teach at other locations as well as other yoga studios around town (which is a great deal to get some of these teachers if you are familiar with yoga studio monthly fees). Go to a few classes, find your favorite teacher an

1 17 I ended up cancelling my membership with Smart Gym. This partially had to do with my moving too far away from this location to feasibly continue any workouts on the weekends, but also had a lot to do with the changes in style.   They got rid of any yoga and floor exercise classes. Seemed kinda odd. They moved some stuff around, which was fine. And the space for floor classes was focused on XGT. I continued to use the machines as usual, but the feel of the place wasn't the same.   I will say that it was relatively easy to cancel my membership. They asked my reasoning, I signed some papers, and only had to pay my last month charge (I was a month-to-month early sign on member). I never got hassled and didn't get any crazy additional charges. No big deal.

1 18 An update: My initial review still holds for this gym - although I would say that that folks at the desk are very, very nice. Three things I wanted to add: - Microphones: The microphones in the classes seem like they are constantly broken. - Classes: The classes are the main reason I still go to this gym, but they are making it more and more difficult. My favorite class was just replaced in a couple instances by bodypump, which is ok, but not as good as 24SET. Also, it is packed and you have to pre-register. Because I can't get to the gym an hour early , this is another class I have to pay a dollar to pre-register for if I want to attend. Doesn't seem like a big deal, but my membership is actually about $10 additional every month because of the classes I have to pre-register for to get a spot. They need to add more classes.  - They just added card-less check-in, which is an awesome convenience.

1 11 I've been a member at Eos for awhile now and when this location opened I was absolutely ecstatic because I literally live near by. Why the two stars? Well the gym is small. The equipment is nice and everything, but there isn't much space to workout. There are limited machines as well so you'll be stuck waiting around for it to open up. I'm so disappointed with this location. I'd rather drive the extra mile and go to the one on Eastern.

0 14 Formerly Golds Gym, this is a new location and the sign up fee is $50 to start for $10 a month and you can only go to that one location. The Gold membership (one tier up) is $10 to start and is $20 a month but you can go to any EOS location. The final tier is the gold plus which provide the same perks as the gold one but you can bring a guest and it's $25 a month. Note that the guest cannot go alone you would have to be there with them. The only downsides is that the Durango location is closest to most people as it is the second newest one since they now opened one in Sahara, and so it gets packed throughout the entire day. I usually go either early in the morning or late at night when there isn't much people. Staff is nice and friendly and they have enough equipment to do a full body workout for each body part. The gym is rather small but enough to fit all the necessary equipment for a full workout but when it gets busy be prepared to wait for 30 mins if you want to squat, deadlift, o

1 22 This gym is a waste of my money. I will not recommend friends here. Employees seem inconvenienced to have to help you and want to rush. They are also very judgey and the machines are poor quality. Would not go back.

1 23 My last review of this place was in 2011; it's now 2015. Since then,I don't think anything has been painted, repaired or up-graded.  C'mon, break out a paint roller, dust off a shelf, maintain the equipment. This place is filthy, dank and nasty.  It's like training in a petri dish.

1 24 After visiting another gym in Scottsdale (which I won't name here), I decided to edit this review.  I joined 24 Hour back in October when I was living in Colorado.  The clubs in Denver are pristine, and I had high expectations for the clubs in Scottsdale (after all, it is Scottsdale, right?).  This gym used to be owned by a completely different company (the signs on the locker room doors say "Attention Club X Members....") and 24 Hour has done little to improve the quality and selection of the equipment.    I feel like it's a gym out of the 80s, complete with neon signs guiding one into the locker rooms.  All of the equipment is crammed upstairs, and the machines are frequently broken, squeaky and uncalibrated.  They even lock up the bosu balls in a closet, in fear that someone will break their neck using one, which is understandable, but I hate asking permission to carry on my routine!  The only open space is in one of the studios, which is perpetually humid (and often 10 degrees warm

1 25 Won't be back to this location thanks to a lady in the front desk that gave me horrible attitude and service. The instructors were great but I am not coming here to be treating like absolute s***! As a new customer first impressions are everything when trying a place out. Can't believe she even works for customer service she was a biotch. Hope the manager really thinks twice before hiring people that have 0% customer service and lose their cool over anything. Although the summerlin location has amazing front desk staff!! Go there instead :)

1 26 So I am definitely not rich enough to be regular member of Gainey Village...or any Village for that matter. However, for a special treat, my husband booked us a couple's massage at the Gainey Village Spa recently.   So my review is a little biased because up until this point I was a professional massage virgin. Yep, that's right, I had never before had a professional massage. Pretty crazy, huh? I have to admit that I was surprisingly nervous about going in for my first massage. I didn't really know what to expect, but had heard that it was a romantic experience that sometimes ended in a warm bath together. That initially sounded a little weird to me, but decided it might be kind of fun. I was a little disappointed when the couple's massage turned out to be just that: a couple's massage. We both laid in a room together and had a simultaneous massage. So that was a little disappointing, but I have to say that the massage itself was so relaxing that it didn't matter what my expectations h

1 15 Mornings and from 4-6... forget about it! Too many, I mean toooo many people! Seems like they don't restrict membership capacity at all. I joined to check it out when they first opened and cancelled my membership. We kept my fiancs membership and added a guest option for occasional visits but for the most part, I use another gym... this place is a little too cramped for me. You get what you pay for.

1 27 I just returned to TruFusion after a hiatus. Disappointed. I gave it a third try tonight after 2 bad experiences earlier this week. There's no longer a sign up so unless you can get there 30 minutes or more early, you're not going in...even in the middle of the day.

0 28 I joined about 6 months ago and really like the gym; staff is great.  However, the lack of a whirlpool robs me of my motivation to work out since I can't be rewarded with a soak in a whirlpool.  Consequently, I am having to find another gym.

1 29 Mind you I only went once here, and I've heard AMAZING things from other people; but for me it was WAY too packed. If I'm doing hot yoga, the last thing I want is to be touching The person next to me because they jam so many people in to the room.  I was so paranoid about my hands and feet randomly touching my neighbors that I felt I couldn't relax. That being said, that's the sole reason I didn't go back. The instructor of the class was nice and I could tell very knowledgable, but I don't want to feel like a sardine smooched in a can when I go to a yoga class.

1 30 I called here about my billing because my debit card was stolen so I had it replaced and a guy that works in graveyard had told me to bring proof from my bank saying that my debit card was stolen to waive the $25 fee they had me pay so I did. The next day I come here and Elizabeth (the girl in the front desk) looks overly annoyed of me and I'm asking to speak to the manager about my billing and all she gives me is a number to call about my billing and don't even bother to get the manager for me and have me wait while helping other customers and when I called the number she gave me call, all it was is a machine talking to me about my payments I had recently did. So unprofessional here, I thought they could do better than LVAC but I thought wrong.

1 45 I have been coming to this gym since the day they opened their doors. I have gone to basically every class available, attempted a good amount of the machines & utilize the pool/sauna regularly. The staff here is very easy-going and tries to accommodate to the best of their ability. The facility is always very well kept, even at the busiest hours. They have their fair share of employees, that wouldn't hurt them to read the employee policy/procedure handbook, or freshen up on their customer service skills. One employee, Ashley, who can usually be found at the front, not really the most pleasant person to deal with. I have the gold pass which allows me a guest to join me for a workout. I wasn't aware that my friend needed to sign a waiver, fill out paperwork & get in their system by obtaining a keychain tag. Before, you just brought a guest and that was that. I understand procedures change, but it's also nice to inform the paying customer and their guest how to obtain the guest pass. Inst

1 18 My wife and I came into their enrollment center last December, and based on what the person told us, we would only be charged $9.95 per month, no questions asked.  and that we could cancel anytime we want without any fees.  They did not disclose the annual membership fee of $40.00 per person, not the $15.00 cancellation fee per person.  If you receive any placards in the mail or on your car windshield to sign up with EOS Fitness, I urge you to stay away!!

0 31 Love this place! Wish there were more non-hot classes to choose from, but that's the only complaint.

0 46 Quick update. I've been going to TruFusion ~4 times a week for the last month or so, and have really enjoyed it. I've been to bootcamp, boxing bootcamp, TRX, kettlebells, battleropes, Yin, their proprietary flow class (level 1 and 2), the flow/vinyasa class, barre, and pilates. I have enjoyed them all, and especially enjoyed the varying opportunities. I have had low-level back issues (muscular, I think) since I was a college athlete, and somehow aggravated it about a week ago. I was getting sharp shooting pain through my lower back and hips if I stood/turned/sat the wrong way. Went to a couple yin classes and my problem is almost solved. Again, shout out to TruFusion for the amazing schedule, where I can get literally any class I want multiple times in the week, even if I have to wait for the kids to be in bed. Also: I'm a convert on the heated classes. I really could feel it relaxing my back and allowing me to participate in the stretching. And if the heat causes my heart rate to be h

1 32 Shady management. Takes forever to get ahold of them.  Decent health club but a bit outdated. Great if you are 40+ and looking for a social scene.  I was a member here for about 5 months and originally put the membership on hold because I travel half the year. The guy I signed up with was suppose to cancel my membership shortly after, but the freeze was never changed.  Instead of giving a 30 day notice that I was unaware of since I thought it was canceled, I got charged for $230 for a month. You'd think they would maybe reverse a charge (for never even going) to keep future customers.  I'll make sure NOT to recommend this gym to any friends or athletes. Checkout Independence Gym.

1 20 The transition from Gold's to EOS is complete and I can't say things got better as it went quite the opposite. They changed classes and schedules which I'm not happy about. But they won't do a darn thing to fix the speaker system in the group fitness room. The floors in the group fitness room and yoga room are so gross and filthy.  You'll see dents, dust bunnies and shoes prints. I would always wipe off my space with a wet paper towel because it's just disgusting. There's sand coming out of the weight plates that caused temporary blindness while doing chest.  They added a supplement store which sells overpriced Quest bars - no, thank you!  I joined another gym as I'm getting fed up with this place. Honestly, if this gym wasn't close to home and if it wasn't for the friendships I've made, I would have left months ago. Management needs a serious wake up call - members and instructors are moving to LVAC that just opened this week and I don't blame them.

1 33 Always crowded and it looks like they hire new staff every month and it gets worst! Personal trainers are very friendly but the staff or the front desk, id see new faces almost every other month and when i do check in, it's always a different rule. You're pre work out is kicking in and you have to stand there and listen to some bullshit about new rules and shit. I only come to this location because it's closer to where i work at.  And yes it feels like they dont have the ac on, it's always warm in here. I would rather go to a different location. It's very convenient for me to come here but management should at least train these new employees right so members could enjoy going to this location

1 22 Been a member of this gym for 3 years, until today, when one of the steroid junkies with anger issues that lives here threatened to kill me because I accidently took his cardio machine. I come here to get a decent workout in peace but now I am a bit afraid for my life....and all of that is for $50 a month. I'd rather go to LVAC to be verbally abused...at least that will cost less. It sucks because the gym itself is nice, clean and has great machines. Needless to say, I will be cancelling my membership tomorrow.

1 34 Dear EOS managers and owners, please listen to your customers' thoughts and wishes about your gym. You have so many unhappy members and it seems as if you don't care. Maybe making the membership so cheap is not a good idea. I joined LVAC and decided on a whim to go back to EOS for a workout. Needless to say, I left after 10 minutes. The women's bathroom stalls smell of urine. Having janitorial services for only part of the morning/afternoon is not sufficient to keep up with the load of this gym. Your cardio equipment in Cardio Theatre is always broken down. Perhaps buy new treadmills or replace the wiring in the wall sockets so they don't blow. Nobody ever comes into the Theatre room to restart the movies. I did not venture any further before leaving, but I am confident cardio equipment upstairs needs help and the weight area is in dire need of love too.

1 35 Just as I figured this would happen. I read all of the reviews but wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt.  I cancelled my membership that I was told was "Month to Month". Not even getting into it. They keep charging my credit card after numerous attempts for them to stop. Cancelled it and they got their extra month due to lame billing cycle game gyms play. Keep getting blown off. 1 star is staying. Don't bother trying to call to smooth it over. I'm not changing it.

1 36 Manager Glen is less than helpful...I called to cancel my membership and he was rude and continued to tell me that I needed to come in to cancel for my security...he even cited some stupid reason like "what if someone is having a breakup and their ex cancels their membership?" Ummmm what? I told him I would gladly photocopy my license and send along with my signature and he continued to say that wasn't allowed.  After asking for corporate's number, I called and had NO PROBLEM canceling it over the phone. No need for identification, no need to sign away my life in blood....Dear Glen, try being helpful on the phone. I will even write a script for you to use if that may benefit you.  Customer: I would like to cancel my membership You: I'm sorry to hear that. You can come in to the gym to cancel OR, if you would prefer, you may call this number to cancel by phone - 866-308-8179 Customer: Thanks!  See how easy it is? You too can be a great manager if you get off your high horse and use some

0 25 I have a membership here because it's pretty cheap, $10 a month. One month every year it is $50 (annual renewal)  It's a 24 hour gym. I only go here for 3 reasons  1. Open 24 hours 2. It's cheap  3. It's pretty close to my house  It's often extremely warm on the inside of the gym. Personally, I don't like to feel like I'm in a sauna as soon as I step in the gym.   Equipment is frequently out of order.   Also it's hard to find a spot to stretch a lot of times.   They have classes but I have no idea if they still do them or what they are. I don't do them.   During football season, a group of cheerleaders practice in one of their rooms. Dudes frequently stop working out to gawk at them. I don't care unless I want to use the equipment they're on. If you're a huge fan of watching dance/cheer routines, i think it's around 7:30 during the week   This place is ok. It would be better if it was a bit larger, maybe 2 stories.   If you go at odd hours, it's pretty decent to go to.

1 37 Showers mostly clean but workout equipmnt often has gum stuck or broken belts (who spits gum on equipmnt? Mgrs get sarcastic & wierd. Staff & trainers often BLOCK the narrow walkway to come & exit so members CANT get thru!  Mgrs dont  "manage" it. A trainer backed up, stepped hard on a member's foot-a yr ago!  The old man at night could care less.  AZ seems to have alot of LOW beligerant behavior.

1 26 Pretty decent facility .. offering half court basketball, sauna, pool, Zumba classes... etc ! Only thing is ya never know when those amenities well be closed for fixing. I had a free 7 day pass which i got to enjoy a few days of... only thing is pool was close along with sauna ... which those 2 are the highlight of my workouts ... so left a bitter taste for me ... I'm not going to but into a gym membership that promises things they can't make due of... because if amenities i pay for are not available I'd be expecting some kind of refund for the inconvenience, not just a we're sorry

1 39 It's okay. The fees and membership dues were explained to us when we signed up, and when they would come out of our bank, and they did, so so far so good. My complaints are the same as others... not enough turf area (the L shape in the middle of the gym?? so everyone on the machines and bikes get to watch you do squats...), the windows for the pool aren't tinted so that's not really cool to swim and think someone's watching you from the car lot, and the changing rooms are OK.  My favorite part is the cinema room where it's dark and enough workout equipment with a big movie screen in front.  The staff all seem to be nice enough, though there has been one or two times the same front desk guy has been just snippy, get a sense of humor, dude! And if you're a guest, you're going to need a valid government-issued ID, maybe. Some people ask for it, some people don't. Some people care if the ID is expired and some people claim they'll get in trouble if they take it. So I don't know.  Hopefully

1 40 This was almost a 2 star review.  Not because it isn't a nice gym with good amenities; also clean and good equipment. The issue was with the front desk staff.  Surly would be the nicest adjective I can use to describe them. Incompetent would be the second best. Can not handle conflict.   Had it not been for the fitness counselor/membership person, Matt, I would have stepped away and left a bad review.  He was friendly and helpful.  Great work ethic and even stayed late to help get my membership in order.   I hope the management staff will do some customer service training with the front desk and will also recognize Matt for his exemplary customer service.

1 41 We tried their monthly "low cost" membership but it had a yearly "rate guarantee fee"included that they don't tell you about until after you sign. So we couldn't even try the place out because they said the fee was going to be charged and non refundable within 24hours. So it got a one star because of poor customer service and misleading advertising. The gym itself looked nice, but we were not able to try it.

1 28 They were nice when signing me up and did everything I asked. The reason for the two stars is that I recently signed up at the beginning of this month at the $39.99 rate. After finding out there was a promotion for cheaper I asked switch. It is my fault because I asked for up front fee there for the higher rate but I couldn't believe that after asking to switch 2 weeks in they said no. I would have to void my payment of two months and start all over again. I am just going to go to a cheaper gym now. I can't believe they would rather lose my business  than amend my payment.  They fixed for me. I just had to work with upper management.

0 42 This is my place of Zen. I come here for some "Me time"... Such a wonderful establishment. There are so many pros that there was no reason to give this place anything less than 5 stars. My favorite instructors are Liz and Martin. They are so amazing! I also like Christina. I've been here 4 months and my body and strength has completely changed. I absolutely love their smoothies although I do wish they were a bit cheaper.  The only bad class I've taken was with Rachel. She's not that great at instructing she seemed condescending, while others make you feel motivated and push you in a positive way she seems the complete opposite, just a bad experience. After a conversation with 4 girls from the class they completely felt the same about her, one trick pony and we all couldn't wait for the class to be over. That's definitely not too big of a problem because the fix is as simple as not taking her class again.  Man, thank you Trufusion!!! You have changed my body and mind in ways you could n

0 16 It's a pretty good gym. All the equipment is new nothing is broken. I didn't give it 5 stars becauseI don't like that there's no paper towels anywhere to wipe your hands are sweaty. Also that the only drinking fountain in the back of the gym. But it's conveniently located the staff is cool. it's not expensive. One thing that really bothers me though is the music that they play but most gyms have terrible pop music anyway it's just really hard to block out because it's kind allowed and it's the same songs over and over and over and over and over again. If I have to look at Megan traynor or Taylor Swift for watch their music video one more time during my cardio I'm going to kill myself.  But I recommend it.

1 27 I just returned to TruFusion after a hiatus. Disappointed. I gave it a third try tonight after 2 bad experiences earlier this week. There's no longer a sign up so unless you can get there 30 minutes or more early, you're not going in...even in the middle of the day.

1 45 First workout I got a rash on my elbows from the pad on a bicep curl machine which is an irritating way to start my membership out.  They either do not clean the machines or someone is spreading a skin rash... all the equipment is old and has never been replaced since it was a gold's gym.  You get what you pay for I guess.  Staff is usually friendly but you can tell this company wants your money and doesn't want to spend it on upgrades.  Do not upgrade your membership because they do not upgrade their gym.  I will be keeping my eye out for other gyms in the area.  LVAC is packed all the time but it has much nicer equipment.  The machines and equipment is indicative of how a gym is ran and this gym is ran poorly.

0 46 I feel like I owe it to Silverado and the Yelp community to update my original review from a few days ago.  After our awful first experience, my husband wrote an email to Silverado's upper management.  We received a very fast (and polite) response apologizing for the cashier's poor judgement in charging us an unnecessary rider's fee.  They are mailing my husband a gift certificate in hopes that he will give Silverado another chance... We really appreciate that.

1 47 This gym is always busy. This means parking SUCKS! But their cycling classes are GREAT! Shoutout to Cecilia for pushing me harder than I think I can go. I hate it and love it at the same time. The staff members (Cecilia, Gabe, and April) are pretty nice. Love seeing them when I come to the gym. I will say one day I came to cycling class and the instructor never showed up. I don't know her name and I hope she was okay but it threw my routine off so it would be cool if that person was a little more reliable or held accountable better. Also, if I wanted to cycle at a time that they don't offer the class, I can't because there are no other cycling bikes except one in the stretch room. I can always use that one! Unless someone else is using it... :/ I pay $20/month for gold membership which means I can bring a guest with me and go to any location. It's $40/year for the annual fee. Wish gyms didn't charge so much for that but I guess they need it for maintenance and such. Maybe they could us

1 48 I wish I can give this place no Stars .  It was so easy to sign up for my membership, Due to my health I had no choice other than cancelling my membership, this was back in March , it is now 9/17/2015, EOS is still charging my account. The managers are incompetent. They are honestly a Joke, as far as the 1800 number they have no control over the transactions. This is Illegal! I have proof I cancelled my account and yet they still charge my bank every month. Please don't go here.

1 49 Talking to Jesse over the phone when he asked for my phone number I said no I just have questions he hung up on me! So rude these people are so unprofessional! Don't bother with this place ever location has a different cancelation fee others not! Also fees will still be taken out even after you cancel which makes no sense at all!! check BBB on reviews These people have no clue I called 4 locations they have different answers even recorded them also lair's just shameful!

1 50 I have been coming here for almost a year now maybe two years I'm not sure. Anyways I have never had a problem with the staff up until today. Heather H gave me a really bad attitude and a really rude tone. She continued to do this more than once. I really feel like it was something personal because she kept bothering me. There is a right and a wrong way to talk to somebody I understand that the gym has rules play at the same time she should not be so rude with her tone and of all days to be rude it's Fourth of July!! I have never even seen her before here but whatever I hope they don't keep her because of her rudeness she shouldn't be treating guests like that! Besides her all the other staff is nice but she really made me feel unwelcome

1 1 3 I am disappointed in their cancellation policy. We had two memberships, one for our teenage son and one for my husband with both having the ability to bring a guest. We were told we can cancel at any time for any reason. Since my son was using a different gym, we no longer needed his membership so I called to cancel and was told to call a different company to cancel. I called them and they told me I had to send an email confirming my cancellation. I was told I had to give a 30 day notice so I was charged another $24.95 for the month. Then the next month another $24.95 was charged. I call up the location they said they can't help but to call the other company again. I call that company and they say they can't help either. Then I'm calling the gym to talk to the manager who says she will try to get it refunded, it's been months and no refund. Then I send an email 2 months ago to put my husbands acct on hold while he's recovering from surgery and restricted from lifting weights. We are ch

0 31 I really hate writing long reviews, but it would be a disservice to give 2 stars and not give the entire story. If you had asked me 2 months ago how I felt about this gym, I would have said good things, but now I am not a fan! 5 stars for childcare staff, 1 star for management, so I'll settle for a 2 star review.   First off let me just rate the gym itself. Lot's of cardio machines and weight machines. Sometimes you have to wait for the free weights or other equipment. I think it would be nice if the trainers had their own equipment, but we just try to modify our workouts until the trainers are done with what we need. It's a small gym and not intimidating so it is an okay place to work out. Unfortunately, management is not the greatest and I've lost my motivation to work out in a place where I feel targeted and picked on.   We decided to sign up for this gym after getting advertisements in the mail every month for their $10 membership. The girl who helped us suggested that we get the $

0 34 **because I have received some feedback about my review I wanted to clarify that Trufusion never claims to be a pregnancy friendly studio. But as an active yelper I think reviews help people make informed decisions and this is my personal opinion regarding this studios class offerings while being pregnant**   short story: if you're pregnant or thinking of becoming pregnant the class offering might not be right for you during your pregnancy.   A lot has changed since I joined this studio 2.5 years ago.   I am now pregnant and the classes that I am actually able to do are few and far between. Not because of my activity level, but most of the classes here are heated (which according to my doctor) is a HUGE no no.   I frequent TRX with Liz twice a week and a kettlebell class with Christina. That's it, three classes a week and at $700+ for a year membership now, it doesn't make it worth it for me.   Beyond being pregnant and a lack of classes to choose from I want to acknowledge some of the

0 39 You may be fooled from the outside of this gym that it will be a really nice one to workout at.. Eh it's same as the other 24 hour fitnesses (I rotate consistently between 4 of the locations).. The staff could all use a few seminars on customer service. It's never very clean and the equipment is seriously outdated. They have a small weight room considering how big the club is. I will say that the locker room and showers are cleaner than most all the other locations. And you at least have a shelve in the shower to put a few of your belongings on. And a towel hanger outside of the shower (Most AZ locations do not) I also see gals mopping and cleaning the women's locker room a good amount of the time. Anyways.. You get what you pay for.. Actually, fitness 1 is $10 a month and they have wayyy better equipment. So I guess you don't get what you pay for!

0 44 Though this gym is not as large as others in Vegas it's well equipped. A little hot in the summer but hey it's a gym right. I wish I could give it 5 stars but the restroom is always dirty when I come!

1 1 45 First workout I got a rash on my elbows from the pad on a bicep curl machine which is an irritating way to start my membership out.  They either do not clean the machines or someone is spreading a skin rash... all the equipment is old and has never been replaced since it was a gold's gym.  You get what you pay for I guess.  Staff is usually friendly but you can tell this company wants your money and doesn't want to spend it on upgrades.  Do not upgrade your membership because they do not upgrade their gym.  I will be keeping my eye out for other gyms in the area.  LVAC is packed all the time but it has much nicer equipment.  The machines and equipment is indicative of how a gym is ran and this gym is ran poorly.


 ###### Service  positive ######
1 1 I absolutely love this place atmosphere, people, classes, and vibe! I first came here a few months ago with my boyfriend tried the week of free classes deal and fell in love! I am a student at UnLV and they have a great deal for students! Not only very affordable but so close to my home! No more community showers at the school, Trufusion has such a clean facility. Very impressive.  The classes I take on a regular basis include hot Pilates and sculpt, trufusion 60 & 75, and my absolute favorite yin with Zeeky! He is seriously the best yoga teacher I have come across, unbelievably friendly, motivational, passionate about yoga, and his students.  He takes the time out of class to help anyone who needs it. He fills the room with a fun, calming, and welcoming energy. I couldn't ask for a better teacher.   Thank you Trufusion for showing me yoga and it is truly changing my life.

1 2 This gym works for me... not too crowded when i go during the evenings (8:00pm - 10:00pm)..  Clean for the most part and doesn't have that typical gym smell of sweat and machinery.. very well ventilated and a good size amount of room to work out..   They have a cinema room that I like to go to once in a while since they have some treadmills, elliptical, and some bike machines there.. only complaint is that the AC blows very hard making it very cold at times...   I haven't had any complains about their cardio machines yet.. both in the cinema room and in the main room... all seem to be in good working order and when a machine is down.. they close it off unlike some places that doesn't indicate that the machine is broken..   I see that other people do clean up after themselves after each use.. and rarely see people just hanging out at a certain stations and not doing anything..   staff members don't really bug you.. i see them just hanging out at the front desk or walking around cleaning

1 3 I really love their yoga classes.  The facility is clean and the staff is very friendly.

1 5 Love this place!  All the staff are super friendly, and make you feel welcome each time we visit.  Sean and Carole made the whole signing up process pain free, and they were both very knowledgable.  We owe them a lot for getting us going.  The training we receive from Rashad is wonderful, we are seeing results we never thought we'd see in our bodies.  The personal training staff comes highly recommended by our family, they keep us motivated to get to our goals.  But we are partial to Rashad, we have a great time with him!  Love Smart Gym....its a great deal!

1 7 I did the free session for a first comer and I tried out hot Pilates. It was extremely exhausting and I definitely got my sweat on. But it was a lot of fun and the instructor was really into it which made it even better. I will definitely be coming back.

1 8 Amazing health club and spa.  Top-of-the-line workout facilities that include basketball courts, a track, racquetball courts, a hot yoga studio, and a cafe. I'm a big fan of the fitness classes - they offer kinesis, yoga, barre, pilates, zumba, spin, cross fit, etc.   The locker rooms are always clean, stocked with lotions, shampoos, shaving cream, body spray, etc. and feature a Jacuzzi, sauna, and steam room. They also have a great salon/spa!

1 9 Always a great work out here and very clean. The teachers are very helpful. Great staff

1 3 This is the first gym I have ever joined and it is great.  All of the staff is super friendly and I see them cleaning all of the time which is a huge plus!  The kids club hours aren't the greatest, and it is closed on Sundays but I just bring my kids when they are open.  The kids club is not huge or fancy but my boys love it.  This is a no frills gym for people who like to work out and not socialize or looking to boost their egos.  It is very affordable and the fact that there is no contract was a huge plus for me.  I am considering getting a personal trainer to tone up so I can't comment on how good they are but I have heard they are very good from a friend of mine.  If you have good intentions of working out at a gym but don't want to commit for two years, I highly recommend Fitness 19.

0 9 I give this gym four stars for its size and amenities.  They have: a cardio theater, half b-ball court, swimming pool, dedicated cardio area, supplement shop, and more.  Though I have not yet tried every area of the gym, it certainly appears to cater to many interests.  My only gripe - why in the h*ll do they have their cleaning service performing duties at 9:30am when there are plenty of people working out?  I, along with a lot of other people had to constantly walk over the vacuum cord.  It's also really not enjoyable when you're working out on the flat bench and there's a vacuum going on under your head.  So I'm definitely taking off two stars for that.

1 10 Great gym! I love the classes ! Groups fitness keeps me Motivated. My favorites are body pump and body combat. Rebecca is my favorite instructor- go team!

1 11 Scottsdale, AZ: This location is a larger "Sport" level club in the 24 Hour Chain. What that means is that in addition to a Pool and Jacuzzi, it has 2 Group X rooms for classes, has a kids babysitting room with staff, and executive lounge lockers, with towel service available. This location also has a juice bar. They also have on site sports medicine services and massages available.   It is a 2 story design, with the lockers, retail, juice bar and kids room downstairs, and most of the machines and group rooms upstairs. You will also see a lot of good looking people of either sex go here. Unfortunately, there is no Basketball court here. They also have a tanning bed section upstairs, and a separate small abs room. There is also a separate, small Spin Cycle room.  The weight equipment is still aged, and the space is a little cramped for all the machines and free weights. The 2 Group X rooms are great, and they offer a large selection of classes, including Turbo, Kick, and both Pilates an

1 12 After being reached out to with a recommendation by management, I am happy to say that I'm glad I stuck with TruFusion. You really do just need to find the right instructor for you and then this place is the best for hot yoga in Vegas. As I said before, the facility is really great and very relaxing. Thanks for reaching out, I really appreciate it!

1 13 Clean bathroom, free towels, great classes.  I like to take a shower after a sweaty hot yoga, pilates class, this place have the cleanest bathrooms of all the yoga places I visited. They also provide salt scrub for your hands. I love this place and hope to go back there to take a shower after a sweaty class.

1 14 Everyone here is awesome the instructors the people that frequent the place. This was my first experience with hot yoga or pilates, i also enjoy the other classes such as bootcamp and TRX they are awesome as well. I have done a lot of different fitness regimens in the past and this is by far the best thing i have ever done both for mind and body. I did the 7 days for $7 to start and after my first 3 days i knew i was signing up for the year. I will be signing up year after year after year!!! I have seen the results from my efforts faster than any other form of exercise i have ever done. Im addicted!!!

1 15 I found TruFusion on Groupon, and boy am I glad that I did! From the moment that I walked in I was impressed! The facility is beautiful, clean and modern. Add to that the huge assortment of classes and you've got something for everyone. I have enjoyed my experience so much that I have cancelled my membership at 24Hr Fitness and am now a full-time member here at TruFusion as of yesterday.   In addition to the yoga classes like Candlelight Acoustic Yoga (that features a live musician) and Yin Yoga, I really love their TruZumba class. The instructors are so well versed in what they do and you can tell they love their craft.   Perhaps my favorite thing about TF is the community. Everyone here is so welcoming and nice. There is even a friendly staff dog named Maggie that hangs out in the office on occasion.  I'm a huge fan of seeing her happy tail around the studio and she brightens the atmosphere. More places should have a resident pet. Way to go TF for brightening our days with Shaggy Mag

0 16 I have waited months for trufusion to open! Finally its here and its better that i imagined:) They have a  variety of classes to choose from making it convenient to fit your schedule. I look forward to going there every chance i get!

0 17 I've returned to this studio and I'm quite happy

1 18 Love that it's really close to work which is in the same plaza at pier 215! So I go workout than straight to work after. Only thing missing here for me is a decline bench, and more punching bags. I was under the impression that they were going to have a cage just like most of all the other eos. Overall great place to workout

1 19 I purchased the Groupon recently for this location. I am impressed with the cleanliness and the upkeep of the machines. They have tanning and personal training as well. I have been interested in a more private workout location since I'm not personally a fan of the larger warehouse style gyms and I'll definitely keep this place in mind if I decide to join full-time. I probably won't frequent this location since it's not particularly close to my house, but I would recommend it to those who live or work near here.   It's also conveniently located in the same parking lot as Bachi Burger, just saying.  I highly recommend this gym if you are like me and like a more private workout experience.

1 20 Finally a gym that is purely class based and has amazing instructors! My favorite classes are Hot Barre, Battle ropes, and Spin. Each instructor has their own flow, their own style. It's really fun because it's never the same every time!  The location I go to is the one on Eastern!

1 22 I had a friend in town visiting, so we came here for massages after our hike.  When we checked in for our massage, we changed into our robes and we're taken to the lounge area while we waited for our appointment.  The lounge had amazing, super-soft Ugg blankets! I almost fell asleep before even going into my massage!   I had only had one massage in my life before, so I didn't really know what to ask for.  I'm pretty muscular, and like a semi-firm massage. My masseuse, Brian, was phenomenal! He paid special attention to some of my trouble areas in my back, and after the hour was up I felt like a million bucks!   My friend's masseuse was Elise.  Unlike me, my friend gets massages very frequently. She gets massages at places like Massage Envy, as well as higher end spas, and she said Elise was BY FAR the best masseuse she's ever had!    I wish I could give more than 5 stars! I will definitely be back often!

1 24 Recently joined and very happy so far. Staff at front desk are very friendly and polite, instructors are great and informative.

1 6 I love this place they are so friendly and they have everything you need and great deals for trainers I worked with Katie for a while she is so sweet

1 27 Love my hot Pilates, yoga, barre and spin classes! Been going here more than a year now, and I can tell you I'm glad I took the plunged on signing up for trufusion. I originally wanted to try it out because I'm just not the going to the gym type of gal, I simply don't have the motivation to workout by myself and to push myself past the limit alone. However, with group classes I get my  motivation from people around me, and I just keep telling my self I can do better.   I love that they offer so many varieties of classes. I have tried Pilates, Bootcamp, barre, yoga, truyin (stretching yoga), spin (stationary cycling), kettle bell, flygym, and trx. The options are definitely unlimited. I chose this gym over the others because they offer wide ranges of time and spin. I sometimes have work until 7pm and classes are available until 9pm! No other group classes studio offer classes that late. I have checked.   The staff are always nice, and I love being part of this gym.

1 28 Fantastic health club The staff and facilities are absolutely delightful on any given day the club is always busy and offers many different classes in a five star country club feel The grounds are expansive and full of delight  Many classes are offered and plenty of club events.  I am so happy that I joined this fantastic place

1 29 Have come here a few times to workout while visiting family (out of town). I think the gym is great. Has all the equipment you would need, staff is friendly, trainers appear to be very qualified from my observations. No frills, but I like it and always feel welcome when I come.

1 30 Wow. Seriously, this was the best experience I've ever had with any studio, gym, and class. As soon as I walked in...immediately the words "wow, its so beautiful" literally came out of my mouth. I have been looking for a studio, that I can go to regularly and leave my stressful life and feel at peace, at this was it!  First off, I had a groupon....I totally thought I wasn't going to get great service...businesses tend to be annoyed when you use a groupon. BUT NOT THIS PLACE, the front girl was so upbeat and made my account and showed me how to use the member tag and showed me where my class was. Awesome  Second, I did the soulful Sunday class and it was PHENOMENAL. The instructor, Jamie Zimmer was so great, and made my first class one to remember. She was very calming and soothing and relatable. It was pretty hot in the room (as its meant to be) but she would never let it get unbearable. She was aware of the temp, and lighting. She was just awesome  Third, all the classes are online...

1 7 Great gym for the $10-12/month. I re-joined this gym after going to anytime fitness for a year. I have to say that they improved a lot on the cleanliness and on the number/variety of workout equipment  there is at this location. Busies time is from 5-8PM, but after that its pretty quite and you can get your work out done. There are no showers, but there is a kids room. All equipment is always functional and weights section is one of the biggest I've ever seen.   I highly recommend you to check this place out.

1 31 This gym is alright. I thought from the way it looked outside it would be much bigger, but it does the job. Staff is friendly and welcoming.  I rather enjoy all the classes here- especially zumba. The instructor reminds me of a young Richard Simmons heehee. Yes, there are some touches that scream "90's" like the neon signs by the locker room, but who cares. It's a gym not a prissy spa. I'm there to sweat!

1 32 Not bad for our first visit here. We got the pleasure of meeting Marcel and he was kind enough to give us a guided tour of the facility since it was our first time. We really appreciated his kindness.   No, it's not the biggest gym but it's got what you need.  They have a heated pool, sauna, theater cardio room, tons of cardio equipment, brand new weight machines and equipment. What more could you ask for? And personally I like the Astro turf for my workout. Gave my butt extra cushion while working on my abs. I also liked that the gym felt very well ventilated. Even after my run on the treadmill I was able to cool down quickly. I've been to gyms that feel stuffy and smelly when it's full of people but this was not the case here.   Yeah it took a little longer than expected for them to finally open but better late than never.

1 33 I decided to try this place out so I started reading up on reviews and doing my research. Reviews kept saying that it was very clean and that it didn't smell like other hot yoga studios. As soon as I read that, I was sold!   I then visited their website and saw that they had a deal "30 days for $30". That's a steal! So I immediately purchased the 30 days. I'm a little more than half-way through my 30 days and I'm thrilled! Locker room, bathrooms, and all throughout the studio was clean!   Classes themselves are challenging, but very rewarding. Only downside is that they don't offer the beginner classes as often as the other classes. So that sucks! In my opinion they should offer a balance between the two. But that's not enough for them to be less than 5 stars.   Try this place out! I highly recommend this place! Staff is super accommodating and friendly. Always so welcoming! Definitely going to become a member once my 30-days are up.

1 34 I can't write about the gym as I did not visit this place to work out but instead to hold several meetings in the cafe/juice bar.  Never knew this place existed and what a cute little place it was to have meetings at. Met a business partner here the other day and we successfully did a few meetings in the cafe/juice bar area in the lounge seating area where there were not only table rounds but also comfy sofas. If I had more time I would of loved to hang out here and actually work out as the facility was clean and also had a great boutique adjacent to the spa that had super cute workout and active wear section.  The staff I encountered was nice both at the cafe/juice bar and the spa area (where the restrooms were located) as was the couple cups of coffee that I sipped during the meeting. Nice experience overall and hope to return to do a work out one day.

1 35 Love, love, loveeee the vibe in here. The place is always clean, with great energy, and awesome classes! All of their classes are fun and will get you to sweat it all off. My favorite classes are yoga with Jessica Legris and bootcamps with Martin Hinton. So much fun!

1 36 Cleanest gym I've ever seen.  And the equipment are brand new.  I love the MMA cage area, where there are tons of punching bags.  Also, I love the ab workout area.  And the environment is so nice!  The bathrooms are very clean.

1 37 I've been coming to this studio for over a year and I love it! The staff is super friendly and the studio is very clean. I've been to other studios and I feel like this one is more private. Not too crowed. I don't feel overwhelmed or feel like anyone would criticize. I love that with the membership, they provide you everything from mats, mat towels and hand towels. You have no excuse not to come in.

1 38 The gym is nice I like the tanning. Jason is super nice and attentive. The new guy Nick is also very helpful.

1 39 I just wanted to give some praise to Estelle, as every single time I leave her class I feel great and my weekly troubles are forgotten. Thanks for your great Yin classes! Anyone looking for a very focussed and relaxing class, she's been the best for me.

1 40 I'm a student at UNLV and they have affordable student rates for unlimited classes. It's 100% worth it for the variety of classes they offer :D They offer yoga (both heated & unheated), pilates, bootcamp, barre & more all under one roof. I highly recommend taking any classes w/ Martin or Liz. They make every class they teach fun and play the best music. For yoga , my favorite instructors are Cristin and Randall. I also like how the staff here maintains the most clean facilities. The showers are always equipped with shampoo , conditioner , and body wash + lockers are free with pre-installed locks. I have nothing more to say other than positive things about this studio.

1 42 I have been taking Andrea's mat and arc class for the past month it is an excellent work out and she focuses on your entire body.  I tried a group reformer class today and it was an awesome workout as well.  For the most part, the classes have been relatively small and very focused.  Thanks Andrea!

1 43 I bought the 10 class pass on Groupon and decided after some serious thought and investigation  (called and gained more insight about the studio and classes) that I would jump into the journey of yoga. I had no idea it would change my life. The studio is so nice, clean, air conditioned, and the instructors are above and beyond fabulous.  They help in every way possible to make sure your comfortable and in the pose correctly. The classes are so relaxing and yet still challenging some even have aromatherapy to accompany the class along with free mat rental and loads of props. I have since become a member of the studio and I'm so happy I have found this beautiful gem in the desert. It's definitely worth a check out and see what I'm raving about. You'll see me there.

1 44 Alyssa - great customer service. She talked me into a barre class, set up my equipment too. Great customer service. Love this place!!

1 1 18 Love that it's really close to work which is in the same plaza at pier 215! So I go workout than straight to work after. Only thing missing here for me is a decline bench, and more punching bags. I was under the impression that they were going to have a cage just like most of all the other eos. Overall great place to workout

1 48 Thought it would be hard to work up a sweat without huffing myself full speed down a straightaway, but this was the best workout of my life. As gluteal tendinitis--yes, a pain the butt--worsens over the years, it's become more important to work out strategically. Reformer Pilates is the way to go and this studio is the place to do it.   This is a small studio on the south side of town with many great instructors with fun personalities and interesting stories. During group sessions you work in a circuit--30 seconds to a minute on each exercise or device. It feels smart.  My clothes were wet and my muscles were tired, but my butt didn't ache. Win, win and win.

1 49 I really enjoy the environment EOS provides for their guests. Although only one floor, the space is of a decent size with not too many or too few cardio equipment, a nice area where they have a punching bag, a sled to push/pull, and many racks and machines for weights. No matter what your training goals are, they have the equipment to help you achieve it.

1 50 I love this gym and my kids enjoy coming to their ChildCare. They are great with my children and I really appreciate all the staff there. Everyone is awesome!!!

1 23 EOS Fitness is actually quite surprisingly a decent gym!! My friend has been begging me for months to come workout here!  I finally gave in and signed up online for one of those 7 day passes. The process from there was simple the website stated I would be contacted in the next couple of days by a trainer to set up a time to come in. Exactly that however it came as a text message initially and then a call. I ended up catching them on one of the deals where it was only $1 dollar to enroll and they would be waiving the normal set up fee. Okay I am a business man so I know all about marketing strategies and how to create attractive offers to get people in. I immediately asked Brian( he's awesome)  the trainer what was the "fine print" on this whole dollar deal because I'm no fool. He kept it real and explained everything to me in detail. I think the only thing I didn't really like was the fact that they ask for your payments to be ACH. They have it this way obviously because it's so much e

1 29 I usually go late at night so it's never too busy, but during the day it does get packed. Clean. Has a pool, sauna, basketball court, "theater cardio room", daycare during the day as well. Jesse and Mark are outstanding and always there if anyone needs anything. I have been going to this gym since they opened and I don't plan on going anywhere else any time soon. For $20 a month, no contract, literally a 2 minute drive, hell, would you? Keep it up!

1 21 When I first joined EOS, I did not know what to think. After all it was cheap, and reminded me so much of LA Fitness. Tonight I am so grateful to be part of this amazing gym! There are all kinds of people from all walks of life pumping iron hitting the treadmill and doing the aerobics! Everyone from couch potatoes to hardcore bodybuilders; some are college buddies challenging each other, sorority sisters spending quality time together. There are moms, dads grandparents, and even the Arizona Rattlers cheerleaders getting it on at EOS! I am proud to call EOS home!

1 43 Eos is one of the few gym memberships that I have and I was debating on which one to cancel. After speaking to Neha, she convinced me to keep my membership here and I am actually going to be upgrading it. She was super helpful and went out of her way to answer my questions. I realized that I would be saving $$ + I would have access to more amenities if I kept my membership here vs the boutique gym I go to. Love this gym! Super affordable and has all the equipment you need/want. Also, love the movie room where I can do my cardio in the dark lol.


