 ###### Food  negative ######
1 3 The food use to be really really really fuckn good here But not any more.. Suckx the food is all picked over eeewwww.. I had to wait for FRESH!! Food to come out .. Uuuugghh.

0 12 I can't believe I'm saying this, but I think I just ate the highest quality burger of my life at a place where you have to order at the counter and the burger only cost $9.  I was immediately impressed upon ordering at Bang Bang Burgers. I ordered the hangover burger, and they not only asked how I wanted my burger (can choose from medium to well-done) but the worker even asked how runny I wanted the fried egg and then if I wanted it sunny side up or if they should flip it over easy. My buddy asked for mustard, and they even asked whether he wanted regular yellow, dijon, whole grain, or honey mustard. I added sweet potato fries for the $1 upcharge because I love sweet potato fries, paid my $10 and waited. I must say I was a little disappointed that I had to wait 15 minutes for the burger, but after first bite I had no more complaints! I don't know what's in Pat LaFreida's beef mixture, but it was the highest quality beef in a burger I've ever ordered. The bun was ridiculously soft as we

0 14 Hands down, the BEST kabobs in Vegas.   I stopped here late after work one night on the way home after having passed it at least a thousand times, and decided to give it a try. I went in, placed my order, and after about 15 minutes, was on my way home.   The inside is cozy, there is a new hookah lounge upstairs (not technically the same business), for those who might be interested in that. The tables inside were pretty low key, but the kitchen area is open except for some glass, so you get to watch your food prepared while you wait which is always a nice touch. Some people don't like that, but I do, it forces restaurants to practice more hygienic practices because customers can see more.   The young lady who rang me up was helpful and friendly. The gentleman who gave me my food, apologized for the wait (15 minutes is not long in my book, but maybe for some it is), and said that calling ahead is a great option if you're ever in a hurry in the future.   I ordered a lamb and chicken shish

1 4 I was excited to try this place after seeing the reviews. Unfortunately this place was a real let down. The best thing about this place was the corn tortillas for the street tacos. Service was friendly. Ordered the tinga, viniargretta, and carnitas. All bland and nothing special. Salsa's ranged from very hot to hot. Most were hot without any flavor. We won't be back as there are better options with more flavorful protein and salsas to choose from.

1 6 I was so excited to try this place after many people recommend this place. When we arrived we had to wait in the entrance for couple minutes.  Than we were placed at a table and the server came 5 good minutes later.  When he arrived we ordered drink and food.  We had time to visit all the shop and after wait at the table. The food arrived  and all our meats were dry and hard. The tabooli tasted like the presley was old... we all left more than the half of our plates and very disappointed..

0 18 Wow, this baby's got no love on Yelp since 2010! What's up with that? Well, you guys are missing out because YUM. I recently tried the shrimp burger at this cozy little hole in the wall, and was pleasantly surprised at how good it tasted. I mean, it consisted of  burger buns, lettuce, swiss cheese, onion, tomato, and about 6 sizzling, crunchy shrimp which to my knowledge didn't have too much garnish. Still, the combination was oddly very satisfying. I like my food to have a lot of flavour through sauces, herbs and spices, but the dressing wasn't at all necessary. Great little place.

0 20 I had heard great things about flower child and wanted to go and on the way home one day I saw a sign that said to come get take out. I decided to try because I wasn't really in the mood to cook.   The restaurant is beautiful. Great outdoor and indoor space. Kombucha on tap!   The have a separate window for takeout orders. They have a 2 different family meals, a larger one and a smaller one. The regular family $39 for chicken and it comes with 3 large sides of your choosing. The larger meal comes with 4 large sides.   The chicken was chicken breast cut into slices. The three sides I got were the sweet potatoes (4 stars), the Indian cauliflower (4 stars), and the corn quinoa( 5 stars). The quinoa corn creamy concoction is like crack.    I love when places have family meals like this!

1 8 The pizza wasn't very warm when it arrived (they didn't use the warming bag at time of delivery) and the order was wrong, but the pizza tasted good.

1 9 A disappointing cacophony of in-your-face flavors.  Having tried two of the pastas and the gnocchi, my impression is that these dishes are the food version of jazz improv - discordant and overwhelming.  Like the music, I can see how the Pasta Bar dishes may appeal to many, particularly those who favor flavor intensity and/or creativity over all else.  For my taste buds, this was overload.  Interesting yes, but I can't say I found it good. Here are some details:   Pasta and gnocchi - both are quite heavy and substantial.  I prefer a more tender pasta and pillow-light gnocchi.  Maybe after running a marathon the high-density pasta would hold more appeal. Sauces - Here is the in-your-face part.  The gnocchi sauce is spicy, overwhelmingly so for me (although I do freely admit to being a hot chili wimp).  Despite my personal intolerance to hot food, a more delicate approach would have been better. The le Sarde sauce sounded interesting, mainly because I love sardines, but my taste buds coul

1 10 Ok so I've come here a couple times for breakfast the first time my order was wrong I figured a fluke, I go again and yet again my order is wrong. Sucks because it's close to my job and I like it but I doubt I'll come back to this location. Nothing worse than having your food wrong.

1 12 "River, we see that you haven't Yelped in a while, what the one place that you want everyone to know about?" This. Is. It.   Everyone has that one vegetarian friend, right? They're always there on your tail making it so you and your friends can't get your McRib on at the local McD's and you have to make sure to reiterate her order with "NO BEEEEEF, SUB BEANNNNNS" at TB. Geez.. But there's no need to fear, Veggie House is here!   I've tried a variety of dishes here and I've yet to be disappointed; Pan-Fried Noodles, Mongolian Beef, Wonton Soup, Beef Ramen, Sweet and Soup Chicken, Jasmine tea, BUN ROLL!! You need to order a fried bun roll.. Thank me later.  This place is vegan/vegetarian and they serve no meat.. What? Yes. I tell my bestie every single time that they should put quotes around all their meat products so people don't get so darn confused. Their meat, it's not real- but trust me, it's a good thing. Especially when it just hits the table, it'll have you scratching your head. 

1 13 Honestly I expected a lot more from this restaurant due to rave reviews of the others in the area. I ordered a burrito with steak and the quinoa brown rice. It was obvious the steak wasn't super fresh; it was kind of cold. The burrito, although super large, didn't have too much flavor and the quinoa brown rice was pretty unappetizing. The dining area was pretty dirty too, tables had food all over them and hadn't been cleaned for a while. I would  give this another try and order something different but until then the 2 stars stands.

1 14 The place is overcrowded with kitschy things on the walls and in every corner. We also noticed all the flowers outside were fake and pretty worn out, which made the place look ridiculous, cheap, and unkempt. So for environment, we would rate it a 2 star.We placed our order online, which was convenient, but when we showed up to pick up our food the place was dead and we couldn't find anyone to help us. Two employees actually made eye contact with us and then went right back to talking and slacking off. After about 10 minutes, someone did finally wander up front to get us our order.   We ordered the stuffed mushrooms, Penne San Remo, stuffed shells, and chocolate chip cannolis. The meal came with french bread but the bread was stale and cold. The mushrooms weren't too bad. The sauce was tasty but the stuffing overpowered the mushrooms so it ended up tasting like sharp cheese and sauce. The penne san remo is supposed to contain artichoke but we only found two chunks of artichoke out of a 

1 16 I'm so sorry to do this to you Capitano and while I love your food most of the time, there are some inconsistencies.  I still want to go here and will come back again soon, but I've probably been here close to 10 minutes and 7 times were phenomenal, 1 time was average, another was slightly below average and 1 was quite dismal.  The last time I came here, while they tried to accommodate me and fix the issue, the fries were hard and not salted enough and the burger tasted very bad.  This is rare and that's why I'm only docking one star, but for some reason, one of the fry cooks didn't add salt to the fries and they always have before.  The cashier said you could ask for salt, but what frustrated me is that they were always perfectly salted before and while I understand some people will say it's too salty, you can't go from quite salty to no salt at all. That's quite the change.  I have to say, all the bad times I was there, there was one consistency on who was making the food, but I don'

1 18 The quality of food been going down hill in the last few months.  I ordered the lettuce wraps and a chicken dish take out.  When I got home the lettuce was slimy and soft.  I ended up throwing it away and ate the meat portion by itself.  The previous time I ordered lettuce wraps​, the lettuce we're too small to wrap the meat in.  Also the entries seems to have more rice and less meat.  Like I said earlier, quality is get worst.   I'll give Pei Wei another chance in a year, that will give the chain chance to fire the cooks or whomever prepares the lettuce.  Maybe management will change also.

0 28 I ordered the much recommended hachapuri and 2 orders of khinkali (dumplings). I gotta say the flavours of Georgian cuisine is quite unique. These dishes seemed to be made to order because it took quite some time to receive. It may have been more than half an hour. My favorite would be the hachapuri. It makes me think of having pizza but the cheese is distinctly salty and they roll up the boat edges with cheese so the crust is a delight to eat. I wish there were 2 eggs. It definitely balanced the saltiness of the cheese (feta?). It seemed like there were 2 layers of cheese: the crusty top and a layer of soft chese below. The khinkali reminds me of Chinese dumplings but the flavours are truly very different from what I'm used to. It was creamy and dark. Each serving contained 3 dumplings  which doesn't seem like a lot but it really is like its own meal. It definitely needed something to cut the heaviness. While waiting for the food, we got complimentary appetizers: bread, pickled cabbag

1 19 Loved going here for happy hour. They had the BEST cucumber salad, I could eat ten bowls a day. Went there once a few weeks ago craving some sushi and salad, parked, walked up to the door, only to find that they had CLOSED. Went next door to Humble Pie and the guy at the front said they shut down January 1st. My heart sank. This is the second Sushi joint that has closed in the past few months. Ten on Tatum was equally amazing and had great food. Sad day when great sushi bars close because the chains get more business, even if their overpriced food sucks.

1 20 The most disgusting Chinese food ever! My hubby ordered some lunch specials since we like like 5 mins away.. it was terrible! Oily food and service was horrible! The lady had charged our card twice. We had to call her back twice to get our refund.. Never ordering again!

0 40 I'm a big fan of ramen and prefer Imadake's ramen over the ramen at Kazu and Ramen-ya. The spicy ramen is especially good! The noise level is high and reservations are always a good idea because this place is generally packed at night.

1 21 Walked in the door and my 9 year old pointed out that the place smelled like a bathroom. I shrugged it off and told her they must have been cooking a lot of eggs. I should have listened to my kid.  Ordered a specialty margarita that looked nothing like the picture and tasted like a watered down regular margarita. The waitress, who was doing double duty as the hostess, explained that all the bartenders "do them differently" and offered to take it back. I kept it, as I'm always afraid to send food back, who knows what I'll get in its place. Luke warm, bland food. So disappointed as I have been to a location in San Diego where the drinks and food were great. Oh well, we had to use our coupon...

1 26 The menu is too large and they can only make Vietnamese food. We ordered Singapore noodles and vegetable fried rice, neither dish looked or tasted line their name sakes. It looked lime they didn't fry either one.  They brought our dishes out one at a time with 15 minutes between each. My wife asked for the Singapore noodles not to be too spicy and they cooked it without curry.  We will never come back here.

1 27 I thought this place would be super good & a new sushi spot to come to but I'm going to pass. Our server was great, very nice & attentive although we were the only customers for a whole hour. The ambience was a little "weird" arriving. No music just silence. I had shumai, nigiri, tempura,  fried noodles and oyster shooters. The food wasn't anything special I feel like it lacked taste. The side of fried noodles was just.... fried noodles, no veggies or meat in there. After having tempura I had to take benedryl on the ride home because I was having an allergic reaction to the shrimp which is caused by being undercooked. That was my first and last oyster shooter I'll just say that. I was really optimistic coming here but left with an allergic reaction. Sorry bonzai.

0 29 It's on Mt. Washington, but no view.  The inside looks like a fire hall set up for a wedding.   It is so loud that I sometimes can't hear my dinner partner across the table.  But none of that matters when you taste the food.  The pasta is outstanding, and served in enormous, enormous portions.  The menu is a bit cryptic - dishes aren't really described, only named, so make sure you know what you're getting before you order.    And it's BYOB, so don't forget your wine!

1 32 I like Church's better than other fast chicken places, but this location is horrible. The first time I went, I waited in the drive through almost 40min. By the time I got to the window, they were out of the food I ordered. I waited a year before trying again. Second time I waited almost 20min in the drive through. The chicken sandwich was not good at all. Won't be back.

1 34 Slim pickings at this buffet.  Half filled containers of cold food.  The food was a little better when they finally refilled.  The shrimp and hot and sour soup were good.  The deep fried stuff was mostly bread with a little piece of meat.  The salad was basic, lettuce only and maybe a carrot or two.  Wasn't really worth the $6.99.  Rather pay a bit more for something edible.  We won't be back.

1 35 Food is good but they dont let you mix match like bdubs ... So for that u get two stars bruh

1 37 I went here today, Wednesday for lunch. I sat inside. It was busy but not too crowded. I ordered a burger with American cheese, fries and a strawberry banana shake. My order came to around $9. The burger was just regular , nothing special. In fact the burger was fairly slim although it did cover the whole bun. I like my burgers a little thicker. The fries were thick but tasted just plain. Not as good as McDonalds fries, but they were edible. The milkshake however was outstanding. It was thick and creamy and had real strawberry bits in it. Oh my gawd, it was delicious, I was slurping on it till the end and still tried to get every last drop when it was over. This place was A-OK

1 38 I wish I could give a better rating. It really isn't a bad place. It's chill and hipster. But what I had there tasted awful.  I ordered iced tea but what they gave me was not lemony nor did it have any citrus flavour typical for iced tea. It wasn't even sweetened!! Furthermore the color was blood red! What are they playing at? Sorry, this iced tea detered me from wanting to go back. Maybe the coffee drinks are good, but definitely not this damned "iced tea".

0 39 This is probably the best Moe's in the area which explains why it's always busy and other ones are always empty.  The people are friendly here, they don't skimp on the burritos, and they have the freestyle Coke machine.  Their sanitation scores are typically far and above other Moe's in the area too.  It's not gourmet or authentic Mexican, but for $5 on Monday for a huge burrito, chips, and a drink, you can't go wrong.

1 40 The quality of the meat amd the banchan varieties were good. Ive been meaning to go to this spot for a while and finally got to try it out. The wait is horrendous of course but expected, 30 min turned to 1 hour and 10 min. So dont come here hungry. Lol  The prices and quantity is expected as well very small, its not an all you can eat joint and dont expect alot of meat. We had to order another plate pf meat and cold noodles on top of our combo. We told our server maybe we shpuld have ordered the 3 to 4 people portion, he said no its too much food. The portions are really small, the pictures are deceiving. Our server was in a rush on everything, our food, the cooking and when we said we want to order more meat he kinda got dissappointed. Lol.   We had to ask for cups for our water, more water, rice, napkins pretty much all the basics. Top it off with a piece of hair on our salad which we pointed out and he just said oh I get you a new one. No sorry, oh my gosh, nothing.   Well I tried i

1 42 Gelato. The only places I've tried are Angel Sweet and the place next to Lee Lee's. This place is decent.  There isn't much of a flavor selection compared to what I'm used to at the aforementioned places, and to be quite honest, this was a slight issue. WHERE IS MY MANGO?!?   I had to settle for Strawberry Sorbet and some chocolate. The strawberry sorbet was more like a smoothie or something, kind of unappealing. The chocolate was pretty good, and I think I might be down to try some cookies n cream next time. I guess if you're in the area and want some gelato, check this place out. If you want the best and a large variety... :)

1 43 Husband went to get us some food to go from here last night. Burgers were tasty, our steak fries were overcooked and had no salt or seasoning on them. Zucchini rounds were tempura fried and just ok. We also had an order of boneless wings and those were pretty good.

1 48 Microbrewed beers are only a plus to me when they're better than the beer I would have drank otherwise.  One waitress I had while there tried to split the uprights between macrobrew and trendy by describing one of their beers as "kind of like Coors Light".  If I wanted Coors, I'll pay half as much and have one.    The food is actually a saving grace, as it was pretty good.  Head next door to Sing Sing for drinks, though.

1 50 We needed something to eat before a show. The options were to eat at The M or drive back to eastern. Decided to give the deli a shot. Depressing tots, fries and onion rings, they were warm, not crisp at all. Had a corned beef, it was pretty decent, no where near NYC standards though. The best part was the Beaver Deli mustard, it was awesome. Wife enjoyed her fish tacos. Seating is limited and self serve on the drink machine.

1 7 Mediocre as far as Indian food goes. It's relatively more authentic than fast food chains, substantially more expensive, and definitely doesn't hit the spot. Very disappointing.

0 9 Fantastic sandwiches, especially if you go with the legendary Dutch Crunch bread. They also have authentic SF sourdough which is very good. Sandwiches are huge, though quite pricey. Service can be a bit slow if there's anyone in line ahead of you. Be aware that all sandwiches are hot "unless otherwise noted". Found out the hard way when ordering a ham & swiss by phone that I wanted cold - wasn't asked which way I wanted it, so hot it was. Also had more stuff on it than I asked for. Still quite tasty though.

0 25 Great place for a laid back drinks night. It's relatively cheap for the area and 3njpyable if you want to watch the game or chat the night away!   The good - drinks specials - central location to financjal district - dead so you'll get a seat  The bad -washrooms are not the nicest - crowd is so so - Food looked only ok - drinks cheap but wine but pricy -overall place uppity for what it was  Won't be back 100$ for a few drinks? No thanks!

0 30 I keep exploring Chinatown lately and based on reviews decided to have a quick lunch at this establishment.   It's probably the best Thai lunch special that I've got so far. I had yellow chicken curry and pork par ram. It was all good but I should probably order it spicier next time... my fault :). Total lunch cost with Thai ice tea (can never skip that) was $10 + tips.  I wonder what else am I going to discover in that area...

1 31 On prépare ma crêpe bien avant que mon amie reçoive sa commande qui demandait plus de temps à préparer! Je vois mon plat être sur le comptoir et les lumières pour le réchauffez semblaient brisées, car après 10 minutes d'attente, ma crêpe était complètement froide! J'aime Juliette et Chocolat, mais je recommande d'aller à un autre que celui sur Saint-Denis! Toujours une longue attente et les plats sont rarement chauds, plus tièdes..

1 1 26 The menu is too large and they can only make Vietnamese food. We ordered Singapore noodles and vegetable fried rice, neither dish looked or tasted line their name sakes. It looked lime they didn't fry either one.  They brought our dishes out one at a time with 15 minutes between each. My wife asked for the Singapore noodles not to be too spicy and they cooked it without curry.  We will never come back here.


 ###### Food  positive ######
1 3 I have been here twice. Very nice and laid back. I tried the weekend Southern menu and it was delicious! Collard greens, mac&cheese, ribs, BBQ chicken sandwich. The scone with clotted cream was divine!!!! The iced teas are very refreshing and I swear I drank a whole container myself both visits.  The second time I had soup, salad and a sandwich. The salad had this amazing (raspberry? strawberry?, I forgot) vinaigrette. The sandwich was good, but I was kind of disappointed with the soup. It was potato and tasted too "milky".  They change the menu often and now have a tea inspired one. Can't wait to go back and try it. The owners are very nice and I hope they continue to do well.

1 4 ORDER In (Delivery) Review  I discovered this place from the front desk of the airport hotel and they recommended it highly. I called to place my order for Delivery to my room. They were very accommodating.  Won Ton Soup - nice broth and tender won tons.  Chicken with Diced vegetables and Cashews - again, fresh vegetables were used, and good sized pieces of chicken.  Crispy Beef - much like a Ginger Beef, nice serving of Beef with a sweet chilli sauce. Very tasty.  Broccoli in Garlic sauce - came with peppers,Onions , Broccoli was not over done.  All in all for Delivery , this was really good. I am used to going to Authentic Asian in Vancouver. This hit the spot, and they also sent me a nice tub of Chilli Oil because I like it Hot.

1 5 Always a fun outing to come for great hot dogs and ALL the fixings!  A great place to bring out of town company for a good lunch a new experience.

1 6 Had brunch here Sunday with a friend. The meal was very good. I mean the options were limited but over all a solid brunch! I've only come to Brewsters on one other occasion so I can't speak to the service before as it was at another location in Calgary. The place wasn't busy. The staff was rather slow but the food was good so no complaints on that.  I had the southwestern omelette and I LOVED the salsa inside it was so yummy and really added a nice touch to the meal. Prices were also fair. I decided to branch out from my usual egg benny. It was a nice change.

1 7 I have been coming to this sweet little place for years and think they deserve my compliments. The food is french in a not too serious and snobbish way.  The wine is best enjoyed outside in the evening overlooking the "lake". They have live music (jazz guitar or piano) outside in the evenings most nights as well. Probably,one of the more romantic night spots on the west side.  They also have a fantastic lunch menu, with a lobster salad croissant that is true bliss..... mmmmmm.... Look them up for their specials, like wine tastings and discounted days.

1 8 Easily my favorite place to eat in Madison.  Great Lao-Thai food.  Curries are fantastic and make sure to start with a soup.  They're always good.  Tip: place is tiny and you will wait.  Either get carry out or head across the street to the Weary Traveler to grab a beer while you wait for your table.

1 10 What can I say?  The bread is made daily and the portions are reasonable.  They have a wide selections of desserts,  Asian drinks/candy/food,   and their sandwiches is made when you order.

1 11 Really good steak house. Steak is always seasoned to perfection but is never exactly coined to perfection. Make sure to ask for bread and butter you will need it. The butter is home made infused with honey and the bread always comes warm.  can't wait to go back again do a nice dinner.

1 13 Great little sushi spot  Took advantage of all you can eat to sample lots of different types of fish  Friendly  staff  Great variety of items on the menu  A must try

1 15 I loved this place!!  First, my drink was delicious!  I ordered the bellini and it was definitely one of the best that I've ever had--kind of fizzy, but so good!  The bread and butter was hot and delicious!  I didn't LOVE the Field Salad, but it was okay.  But I did LOVE my steak and french fries!  When asked how I wanted my steak prepared, I said Medium.  The waiter suggested Medium Rare since it's a thin hanger steak.  I'm so glad he suggested that.  It was perfectly cooked for me!  And I would love to try the dessert one day!  Looks delicious as well!

1 16 My favorite (sentimental) ice cream spot in all of Arizona!   $4.95 for two big scoops of ice cream, chocolate sauce, malt crumbs, whipped cream, and a cherry? The Dusty Road Sundae is terrrrrific. The average sundae is $6.50, but that's a steal compared to other places.  They have about 10 traditional-ish ice cream flavors, the prices are reasonable, the storefront is classic, the interior is huge with comfy booths, and there is a small-ish arcade in the back. Only a 10-minute walk from Scottsdale Stadium into Old Town Scottsdale.  If you're reviewing this place based on the food, you're missing the entire point of the Sugar Bowl. It's a 1950s ice cream parlor, not a modern ice cream store with fancy new flavors.

1 17 Whenever we have out of town guests...we visit RWB.  Everyone is always impressed and always LOVE whatever they order.  Be sure to check out the specials - there are some yummy, yummy things listed there!  The portions are HUGE!

1 23 If you haven't tried mackerel, this is the place to be!  Very comfy, never excessively loud. Environment is pleasant for you to sit down and enjoy good food. Also note, everything has been cleaned   Don't judge the book by it's cover, this restaurant appears to be small from the outside but opens up a heck more as you go further. You will find large televisions hung on the walls frequently broadcasting Korean music videos rather sports or weather forecast is nice for a change.  Song's is definitely at the top of my list for Mississauga's east-end Korean food.   Their pork bone soup & grilled mackerel are an absolute MUST!   Service is quick and staff is very polite.  10/10 very well done guys!

1 25 I'll admit it was hard to get used to the smell as you walk in, but I'm glad I did! I'm big on their baguette's which have the perfect crunch offering a great ratio when served with their sandwich meat. You can even buy day old bread at a steep discount to have with dinner! I normally opt for the turkey and cheese that comes out fairly quick. Give their dried fruits, smoothies, or one of their many pre-packaged oriental desserts a try. I love coming in when they are baking the bread for the day and the line always moves quickly. They have recently started accepting card so that's a major bonus!

1 26 I was invited back to the restaurant by the owner to give it another try.   Alexandria our server was awesome. She gets 5 stars just for being so lovely.  I tried the A2, Frying Tuna, and Screaming O... They were good, all offering something a little different.  The BEST was the Tempura Oreos. Sounds bonkers, right? No! Eat them.. Be willing to get too full off of them... They are heaven.

1 27 Good food. My girlfriend loves the breakfast enchiladas. Service is always good and the Rosemary potatoes rock. It is a favorite Diner, Drive-in, and Dives. Check it out...  #vino2ultimate #vinosquared

1 29 I'm reviewing it on the basis of take-out.  I love their yellow curry.  I've actually only ever ordered take-out, but have ordered 5 or 6 times now.  Every once in a while I get a hankering for it and have yet to be disappointed.    I can agree with the other reviews that the decor is not the fanciest...it could use some updating.  In fact, I probably would not take my wife here to try Thai for her first time, simply because experience is important.  However, the food is good and that's what keeps me coming back.  I'm a fan.

1 30 Excellent place if you are walking down Wellington and feel like fish and chips with beer. We went on a bike ride on the first beautiful day of the year and ended up visiting a friend in Verdun. We already know the other Comptoir 21 locations at the Latine Quarter and the Mile-End - but I like this one best. We sat outside (for the first time this year!) and really relished the last light of the day. The waitress was nice and friendly, although she was a little swamped. Once she took our order, the food came pretty fast. While we all had beer, I was actually the only one having fish and chips. My girlfriend had the veggie poutine (they have vegetarian gravy that is not bad) and our friend had a cheeseburger with fries and salad. We all enjoyed our food and I was pleasantly surprised by how calm this street is (compared to busy main streets like saint Denis or Mont-Royal where it's not as nice to sit out in the street). I was also glad for the opportunity to sit outside because sitting 

1 31 This place is a real gem. We dined here once and the food was delicious. Especially the scallops. Very romantic and cozy. Highly recommended.

1 36 Very cool, spacious dining room decked out in black and red. Friendly servers, although a little slow. Delicious food - the chips are fresh and warm, and the three different salsas are all amazing; the grilled peach salad was more like canned peach salad, but still was light, tasty, and refreshing on a hot summer day; and the jumbo grilled burrito...wow! There are so many good authentic Mexican places in this area, but this burrito would probably top them all! The passion fruit slaw and masa-thing on the side were equally wonderful...so much flavor! Like its siblings Fez and Switch, Ticoz offers terrific food in a hip but casual atmosphere perfect for a work lunch or night out.

1 39 One of my fathers favorite places to have breakfast.  El Mesquite is a bit of a drive and in the hood but anytime my dad asks if I want to join him I always say yes.  The food is done well.  The Mexican standards: beans, rice, chips and salsa are all tasty.  I've had several items over the years from chile verde to chorizo.  We really only go for breakfast so I can comment on the other items.  But nothing I've ever ordered has been off the mark.  The stand out for me are the tortillas and especially the horchata.  It has to be the best non homemade horchata I've ever tasted.  Executed perfectly.  I would definitely go here more often and for more meals if it werent so far from home.

1 41 When a friend told me there was a Pierogi place near my house I was excited. I went and had dinner two nights later and saying I was happy doesn't do it justice. I had the Kielbasa with Cabbage and Mushroom Pierogis. I also got to try the Meatballs with Tomato Sauce and the Farmers Cheese and Chive Pierogis.  The Kielbasa was lean and tasty. Both Pierogis were great but the Meatballs were fantastic. On a whim I took the Beef Stuffed Cabbage with Mushroom Gravy for lunch. It was very good but didn't compare to the Meatballs. Probably because the Tomato Sauce was much richer in flavor. Don't forget to visit the market next door. It has so many goodies including Cracovia Plum Butter. Simply Fantastic.

1 44 Nice place.. Excellent decor and authentic food. Little disappointed with drink, specially Margarita. Good experience and surely visit again.

1 47 Tempe Farmer's Market is rad.  Their selection has grown immensely since today and when it had first opened.  It's not a one-stop, get all your groceries for the week kind of place, but it works marvelously as a neighborhood market with a few necessities and a great variety of delicious fruits, vegetables, olives, pasta and frozen meat.  Goddamn am I glad this place opened.  Prior to this, my closest convenient neighborhood market was Rollin's Market with its rotting bell peppers and frozen Banquet dinners.  There's always Fry's or Safeway, but I like hitting up a small little market on the corner of my neighborhood and build a rapport with the employees and owners as part of establishing a community.  The dude who runs the place will sometimes thrown in a tomato or apple or lime in with your bag of groceries.  Hey, free apple.    Not everything they have is permanent.  Sometimes something new will be there, and the next week it will be gone, but in a way, I like that about it.  You go

1 48 How have I never reviewed Caramba's?!?!? I've been eating at this place for at least the past 13 years. It's a family favorite and you might say it's been a little bit more than a staple of my diet for nearly as long.  My two most favorite meals from Caramba's are the bean and cheese burrito (fresh tortillas and the perfect mix of cheese to beans) and the chicken quesadilla. Oh, how I miss my chicken quesadillas since I went vegetarian. Delicious grilled chicken, cheese, tomatoes, onions, jalapenos, sour cream, and then add some of their amazing mild salsa, and you'll seriously be in heaven.  My dad is a huge fan of their machaca burrito, and he's pretty picky when it comes to machaca. So I'd have to trust him and believe that it's pretty darn good.  They also have a decent beer selection (Mexican beer of course), with margaritas available too. Free bowl of warm chips and freshly made salsa with every meal, lunch or dinner for under $10 and at least two locations (Bell Rd. and Glendale

1 50 Loved this place. Food was delicious, although the menu selection was sorta slim. The combo meals are good though because you'll always find something you can eat. Delicious margaritas were on special for Cinco de Mayo, wait staff was very friendly and the free birthday dessert was a treat as well. Would definitely go back!

1 1 23 If you haven't tried mackerel, this is the place to be!  Very comfy, never excessively loud. Environment is pleasant for you to sit down and enjoy good food. Also note, everything has been cleaned   Don't judge the book by it's cover, this restaurant appears to be small from the outside but opens up a heck more as you go further. You will find large televisions hung on the walls frequently broadcasting Korean music videos rather sports or weather forecast is nice for a change.  Song's is definitely at the top of my list for Mississauga's east-end Korean food.   Their pork bone soup & grilled mackerel are an absolute MUST!   Service is quick and staff is very polite.  10/10 very well done guys!


 ###### Price  negative ######
1 1 In the heart of Chinatown, I discovered it enroute to Kensington Market one day. It's quite hard to see, if you don't know it's there. First experience was very positive - would definitely return!  ATMOSPHERE: Small space. Think Banh Mi Boys, and other trendy over-the-counter eateries. Vibe is casual. Free WiFi is nice.  SERVICE: Okay. Staff does their job, but not overly helpful upon entering the space. Maybe because it's an over-the-counter style place, but it would have been nice to be walked through their ordering process and menu.  PRICE: Average. Depends on the size of pizza you order.The small pizza ($7-9.50) is filling for one. Large size pizza ($13-18.50) is good for sharing... or one VERY hungry person.  Pasta portions are very generous for the price tag ($9-14)   FOOD: My friends and I were here for the first time, and we thought it was a pizza place so we all ordered pizza. It wasn't until we were waiting for the food to come, that we looked around and realised EVERY other 

0 22 I found this restaurant to have a great atmosphere. Dark, perfect for a romantic date with your partner, not a first date. I see people giving it bad reviews for the fact that the sushi wasn't great, but really the place is called China Grill, what made you think that it is a good place to get sushi. That is like going to Pizza hut for a taco, doesn't make sense. Had a couple of drinks, an appetizer, and two entrees for under 80 bucks. Great deal.

1 2 A store that specializes in cheese curds doesn't have any? Well, they had bags of jalapeno cheese curds ($5.99 and less), but regular cheese curds were non-existent. Apparently, I need to return on Thursday's when cheese curd production is higher and they fill all their Costco orders or some explanation similiar.     There is a giant cheese/milk production facility right behind your store and you can't make some more curds or make some more cheese that makes more curds available. This is basically a waste of a store. It seems to serve as a sort of a Circle K for the white coated and masked milk employees milling around at the corner of Hardy and Broadway. Ended up buying $2 worth of jalapeno curds, but they could do alot more with this place than serve grab and go crap like a convenience store.

1 22 Quite a disappointment really.  Over priced non-specialty grocery store that only has you coming back simply because nothing else is close by.  Limited produce selection due to space, nothing is fresh, huge sweets section, not sure why. They do have prepared meals hot and ready to go but they are served in hot plastic and the plastic is placed on a heated table to keep the food warm and toxic, hot food and plastic is pure poison,  by now you know how I feel about plastic and hot food. Plastic is the root of all evil when it comes to healthy eating. Speaking of healthy, they have a Good-life located just above with a lot a traffic as a result, you would think Longos would make some effort to provide some healthy alternatives at this location. Get rid of the Starbucks or white sugar counter and put in a juice bar and replace the white sugar section with some products conducive  to the gym and healthy eating.

1 23 I'd never dine in at the restaurant before, I had always ordered delivery on the app just eat and I really liked their foods. I was very satisfied with the food that I get, but it is little but expensive compared to most sushi places I order from. Plus I recommend not to deliver because I've been experiencing longer waiting than was told to me, especially when it's only a 15min drive. 

1 45 ok. going to review this place again since I've tried it a few more times since my first time.   what can I say? the food options around here are scarce and its either here or 4 other less than desirable eateries.   first, do not get anything fried. that was what I had last time, spicy salmon, dynamite... and it was not good at all.   however after going with rolls like simple tuna/avocado and salmon, it's decent. for the price point. it's a good deal and 10 bucks can get you a good meal. 

1 41 It was $7 for a 6 inch turkey sub. Now Subway has real turkey and charges under $5, so TOGO's needs to match that price. Nothing really stands out in the #3 (turkey and cheese), so there is no compelling reason to eat turkey anymore at this chain. Perhaps one final pastrami run in the future. The kids making the sandwiches also don't listen to what you want, so watch them closely. Not sure how many hours they pre-slice the turkey ahead of time, but no fresh slicing involved here either. 

1 3 It was okay! It definitly wasn't bad I just don't think I would go visit again. I didn't really like their food choices or the way their menu was set up. It was also the most expensive Korean bbq in my opinion and was not worth the price.

1 45 We ate here about a month ago, on a Friday night. Unfortunately, we had just missed their happy hour pricing. I'm not a sushi (or seafood) person so I tried to go in with an open mind since I was the only one in our group who didn't eat sushi. They all loved most of the choices of the rolls they got, the only exception was the appetizer that was ordered. For the price, it was NOT worth it! Was maybe 4 bites worth of food. There was one other sushi roll that wasn't worth the price but I do not remember which one it was. Other than those two things, the rolls were awesome and they almost couldn't finish everything.   Since I don't eat seafood, I got the chicken katsu. I do believe that it was overpriced for what you got ($14 for 1 chicken breast, a little rice, soup, and a tiny salad) BUT, it was delicious! We are planning on going back to celebrate my husband's birthday there this weekend and I can't wait to order the katsu again and he's looking forward to the Vegas, Dragon, and Blue F 

1 4 Their pizza is really really good. Nice clean space. A little pricey though. You get a pizza with three items and your over 40 bucks!

1 5 WHY SO EXPENSIVE?!?!   I know the reason why is because of the rent, but damn. I used to work at Starbucks so I know the normal prices at a Starbucks that's not located on the strip. The 3 stars is not for the service, but for the prices.   The staff here was very friendly. They had a good 10 people working which was a shock to me since my store didn't have that many people working at one time. Everyone was doing something and they made my drink within a couple minutes which was pretty quick.   Ordered a simple grande iced coffee, no classic, 2 pumps white mocha.   Tasted like how it should have. Great service, but not so friendly prices. When you need coffee though, you need coffee. So the price doesn't really matter when you are tired!   **A plus is that it's located in between the casino and the convention center so if you are headed to a meeting/convention you can easily stop by here for a drink.

0 10 I always come here for the Hainanese chicken. Vietnamese noodles isn't authentic. I wish they will have more selections on appetizers. This place can get very busy during lunch time but you won't have to wait for too long. Decent food and service! Good price 

1 10 One word for you: Yikes!!!   This is a MILF bar in a mall to begin with. Double strike for me. So if that's your thing, you'll be in heaven. Overpriced mess of a place overall.  I've been here three times to really make up my mind and each time I ask for "well" drinks the bartenders end up pouring me Grey Goose or Van Gogh and then when the check comes they pretend that that's what they heard me say. Last time all I had was two double vodka soda "well" drinks and got a bill for 45 bucks cos the bartender poured Chopin. It's a really dumb scam and I've fought it each time. Just be on the lookout for it.

1 11 I used to go here alot but I have cut back substantially. Now the only thing I get here is Pork Gyozas to take home or to mix with Chinese food I buy elsewhere like PeiWei. It's over priced especially if you want to add anything to your bowls. Service is also hit or miss. Sometimes it's great, sometimes if you call in an order you get put on hold and by the time they picked up again I was halfway there! (Hands free calling of course). 3 stars...is all they get.  Also I don't know why Yelp isn't showing my check-in from here but that needs to be looked at.

1 12 The concept of this place is good (fresh and organic produce and goods) however the prices at this place are outrageous.  Having stepped foot inside a number of times, I always leave empty-handed. Who can afford to shop here???  I find this place quite pretentious. Sure I care about what I'm putting into my body, but there are plenty of other (and better) places in town where I can get chemical-free/gluten-free/sugar-free etc etc. goods without having to break the bank.  I'm done with this place. We've officially broken up.

1 13 Great spot for all-you-can-eat sushi!  They don't skimp on the list of nigiri your can order, and I'm always happy to get some yellowtail and unagi as part of my AYCE.  Also, they give you one delicious sake drink and a few other higher priced sushi items as part of the package.  I especially like that this place is open until 2am.  I just wish they didn't raise the dinner price to $25.95 recently.  It's getting expensive!

1 14 My family went here on new years eve for my dad's birthday so dinner prices were super expensive because of the holidays. It was $27.99 per person...better make sure you eat $27.99 worth of food! I definitely did not eat $28 worth of food that's for sure.  The restaurant is huge...it used to be a home outfitters so imagine how big the restaurant is. The food selection is pretty typical to other Canadian-Chinese buffets. The only difference is that they have live cooking stations for noodles and grilling meats. They also had freshly grilled half lobsters and you could ask for more than one. Drinks are self served so there's a drink station filled with a pop station and a fridge with bottled juice and water. My favourite stations were the chocolate fondue and waffle station.  I prefer this buffet over Mandarin...if the prices were lower.

1 16 It's true, Charlotte is home to some real "famous Chicken 'n Biscuits," but I think the award is currently contested. Damn Holler & Dash, I tell you what, there's some magic going on behind that counter. I guess I should elaborate!  Around here is where I'd typically insert the obvious hollaback one liner. I'll yield to the other reviews, you beat me to it! When you walk in, the warm, natural interior design makes you feel very welcome. Good use of several elements such as stone, timber, and an exposed ceiling give the whole dining area a spacious atmosphere. When I visited Saturday morning it was very clean and ready for a big rush.  Speaking of rush, if you want a calm visit then make sure you stop by as early as possible (they open at 7am every morning). The place fills up very fast. Fortunately they have a TON of staff on hand to handle to the heavy hours.  My first visit I tried one of the signature biscuits: Chicken Set Go! There was a bit of a sticker shock on the price at $9, h

0 31 I can only speak for their brunch menu. I'll say that it was incredibly reasonably priced, and it sounded exciting. After much debate I decided on a traditional eggs Benedict, which is one of my favorite breakfast dishes. I had high hopes, and I was unfortunately disappointed. The eggs were over cooked, so it was more of boiled then poached egg. They were quite sparing with the under seasoned hollandaise sauce. The grits were a little on the watery side for my taste. I really wanted to like this place, but I just couldn't after I tried the brunch. If it was possible to give 2&1/2 stars I would, because the food wasn't terrible, but it was bland. The service was pretty decent. 

1 33 This place is pretty expensive compared to the other sushi restaurants. I will admit that the fish is very fresh though, but seriously overpriced. I ordered the sashimi donburi, it had a lot of lettuce in it and a good decent amount of fish. the fish that were given to me was mostly salmon belly which was super fat and really delicious, few pieces of tuna. All combos come with soup salad and a really small noodle seafood broth soup thing.   My friend got the chef Bento box which I think was way overpriced. It came with a few tempura items such as shrimp and yam, A California roll, a choice of teriyaki meat, six pieces of Sashimi, which was $24. I think you can get a much better deal when you're up north.  Service is great the waiters are attentive and there's a lot of seating and it is very spacious. 

1 18 had their cheese plate, and 2 pasta dishes. Pasta was very well prepared, texture was awesome. I find this place a bit over priced, but it makes sense given the area.

1 19 The barbecue was good although I do feel like it is very overpriced to Steffes not usually very friendly when I go to the takeout here but then again maybe it's just me if you want good barbecue there's plenty of other places you can go

1 20 Like most other reviewers have said. This place for their featured Bon Bon drinks are definitely overpriced $12.99. I got the strawberry Bon Bon...Bottom is strawberry slush (made with syrup and ice), fresh strawberries and whip cream.   Would I come back again? Maybe not.

1 23 Pretty nice bar.  Their drinks are overpriced, but they're located in the heart of the Waterfront.

1 24 Don't know why this place is so popular,very average food at best and OVER PRICED.You can get far better quality at Portillos.They don't even offer Italian beef sandwiches.I really wanted to like this place but by Chicago Standards it is sub-par ! Skinny winners,uninspired hamburgers,I have ate here four times,not worth the drive.I can't believe people give this place 5 stars,makes me wonder where they normally dine. 

1 26 over-priced place.no waffle cones. Soft, almost melting ice cream. I don't think I will return and pay $5 for a scoop of ice cream. There is also a sign saying you have to pay $1 if you take a sample but do not purchase.  I know it's yourkville, but the quality is just not worth the price.

1 28 It's cool to swing in and see what they have. Definitely a vintage cool ice cream parlor. The ice cream was alright but nothing I'd write home about. It is a bit overpriced for the quality, but there is definitely quite a bit of ice cream they give ya so that's nice. The staff was... there. The man serving me was friendly and nice but there just seemed to be like this atmosphere of "customer last" feeling. Wasn't the warmest welcome in there but at the end of the day they were probably college kids stuck in a warm diner serving decent ice cream.

1 29 had a gift card so we went. don't have much to say.   so much hype. so very average at best.  the miso soup was good. the maguro sushi was good. everything else was underwhelming and overpriced. but, i had a gift card so i saved $25.

1 32 very tasty. overpriced. not authentic korean. meh. If you want authentic Korean find a place that serves samgyopsal with lettuce, kimchi, rice, the works. There are several places in Toronto waaaaay better than this place which are authentic Korean and not just a rip off.

1 33 The ONLY reason this place gets one star(aside from the fact that I can't give it NO stars)is that the security staff is cool when I bring  my dog for early am training.Actually I think they might be relieved as he is a working dog,and probably looks like added security. One morning I was going in with him and all the crackheads who hang by the Bank of America ATM were already amassed.One of them asked me"Hey.is that a po-leese dog?"My reply was "Sort of.He's a drug dog trained to find meth." I never saw so many disability claiming neer do wells scatter so fast. They were still gone when I went to leave. The place is sketchy,nasty,and the parking lot is NOT safe.More often than not,skells are perusing it looking in vehicle windows and trying doors. The malwart there is one of the nastier ones I've been in,so much so,that even with gas prices being what they are,I will drive further away for a less frightening shopping experience.

0 34 The ony thing i could think of was the same level of disappointment that i had when i visited the new wet n wild location last year... What is with these companies closing their locations down and making locals wait years for a new establishment that has less to offer than their previous location? Terrible way to earn your old customers back. Seems like a trend happening in Vegas and its really doing bad for tourism when all the companies are just penny-pinching and reopening shitty locations. Dont reopen if you can't deliver! 

1 35 They have special promotion of $3.88 for large bubble teas. Coco is located not too far from either Yonge or Wellesley station. I wish they have BRANDY MILK TEA, I had them in NYC branch, it was the best! I asked the worker there, they don't even know about it. Come on BBT + Brandy, who will say no?!

0 36 It's definitely not a fashion mall, so it's not competing with anywhere with Macy's or Nordstrom as an anchor.  Still, it has Costco and JC Penney, along with the no-mall-entrance Target, PetSmart, and more.  The stars are mostly for the ease of being able to get in and out of the Costco and Costco gas station though.  This is a much better layout than Paradise Valley's awful ring road, and nowhere near as crowded as Chandler's Costco across from their mall.

1 38 Not impressed, had a thin, because I was told it would take an hour for a thick. Comparable to fuzzys, if you remember it by Albertsons off bell and 83rd. Medium was $22.75, wait was 1/2 hr, way over priced, I'm told deep dish is better will half to give that a chance, we were there late Sunday, think I'll order to go, place is awful slow!

1 41 What an odd No Frills.    As a No Frills goes, stock wise it's actually superior to most -- lots of things here you wouldn't normally find at a discount grocer.  Prices are good, nice variety... but:  1)  shopping carts are dingy, old, and broken down. 2)  shopping carts (again) are located either in the below ground parking lot, or in the NASTY corral outside that has on occasion smelled of urine, vomit, and dead animal. 3)  terrible layout... where the hell is everything?  is there any rhyme or reason to how things are stocked? 4)  questionable staff -- I actually witnessed a staff member stocking halal meat next to and on top of bulk packaged pork... a manager was there, told him he couldn't do that, and they subsequently got into a heated argument (complete with 'F' shots)  All that aside, I can't ignore the variety available here... so every few weeks I'll come back, pick up a few things, and be done with it.  For a better No Frills experience, try the one at Brockton village at D

1 42 Okay, let me make this review as simple as possible: Flower Child is like the trendy (and expensive) love child of Panera. You walk up and order, then seat yourself and they bring food out. So many healthy options, many vegan or vegetarian, and the wine is organic. This location is sort of loud, but great for people watching. Be prepared for you meal to be in the $15ish range.

1 44 The pricing seems a little high for what it is, I guess a combination of being just off the Strip and the halal meats, but the food quality is at least up there to compensate. #1 chicken seekh kabob left me with nothing to complain about as far as flavor, very tasty, fresh long-grain rice and a little salad on the side for $9.  If you want to go a little more inexpensive they do have a gyro, fries and small drink special for $8 that isn't on the interior menus. It's on a board outside, but I didn't see it until after I ordered as it was facing the opposite direction that I walked up from.  They do pizza and burgers too but I think that's just to placate kids. I'd stick with the Pakistani food here which is clearly their specialty.

1 45 Definitely overrated and overpriced! We are always on a hunt of great restaurants in AZ(California spoiled us endlessly with amazing food) so when something new opens and people rave about it, we rush to it! Unfortunately, Coconut's doesn't taste authentic enough. And the price is a turn off.

1 46 Good food nice ambiance but a little pricey for what it is

1 49 I'm not impressed. Overpriced for something that didn't hit the target. I spent over $12 for a simple wrap and smoothie for breakfast. The facility isnt too clean and the women barely spoke loud or clear enough for me to hear them. I should have just spent my money next door at Starbucks.

1 50 Pizza wasn't that great and was ridiculously overpriced, almost laughable.   But hey, it was late and we were starving.   The hostess was dense, but our waitress was friendly enough.   Won't be back.


 ###### Price  positive ######
1 9 Prices are reasonable...fried rice, Thai flat noodle with Duck, and the yellow curry is delicious!  However, they burnt my fried calamari :( 

1 19 Another great Port of Subs experience! The XL #1 on white with double meat! That's a beast of a sandwich and great value!!! FYI, a 2 foot sandwich is just a really good deal on two 1 foot sammys. But you can top them differently so sharing is possible, easy, and probably recommended! :)  Oh, don't forget to pick up a Port of Subs loyalty card and register it. Every $100 gets you a free footlong sub of your choice and registering it online earns you a free small sub during your birthday month. 

1 1 Got some food through uber eats :). The price is not bad at all, it would be more affordable when walking in definitely. But the value is good and the quality is good as well.

1 2 Sunflower Market is hands down my favorite place to grocery shop EVER! They have an amazing selection of organic fruits, and vegetables. They have delicious soups everyday. They sell Boars Head cold cuts for cheaper than any other store I have shopped at. Their freshly prepared tuna stuffed tomatoes are banging. Their roasted red pepper hummus is the best I've ever had. Their frozen section is full of organic and all natural selections. Their beer selection is THE BEST, and they have a decent wine selection with really good deals.Their prices are better than all other natural grocery stores, and even better than some big name stores. I love this place!

1 3 Definitely a spot to check out when looking for a quality sandwich at a reasonable price.  The shop staff are very friendly and more than willing to accommodate any request.   Do yourself a favor and get one of the steak sandwiches off of the menu. They are amazing. The ultra is my favorite.  Also the Cancun fries are awesome. 1 order is for sue big enough to serve 2 people maybe even 3!   This is one of the Peppis that takes credit cards as well. Not all do FYI

1 4 Nice place to do some work on my macbook. Prices are great too. Felt like i was back in Korea.

1 22 Great happy hour prices at the bar.$2 domestics and $4-$5 appetizers. Quick and friendly service at the bar and entertaining service at the grill tables. 

1 23 This Fry's is a little bit of a drive from my flat. It's a newly renovated Fry's store with Starbucks in it! *woo hoo*  Same friendly faces! And did you know if your item is out of stock you can request a rain check for the same low price that its currently advertised?  Parking is well lit, and clean. 

1 48 Probably the best meat shop I have ever been to in the entire North America. Great service, great variety , decent prices.  Highly recommend going there 

0 5 Candy heaven. This is the best way to describe Candy Addict. Situated right off the busy streets of Mill Ave, this candy shop is perfectly placed because it's embedded right in the middle of all the action. The candy gets a little pricey but they have a nice selection and unique brands. It's definitely worth every sugar filled penny! 

0 22 Burgers are decent but too small and overpriced for what they are. Moo and Brew has better burgers and better value. 

0 27 The pho was pretty decent and it came out in less than 5 minutes. The broth was hot enough as well. Slightly more pricey than I'm used to compared to my usual spots in downtown toronto. 

1 6 Great gas prices and surprisingly a great convenience store as well. I do feel their coke product prices are high unless coke has just gone up but I've gotten Powerade as 2 for $1.50? before at Terrible's or Rebel and it was more expensive here but with it being across the street from my work can't complain too much. I also grabbed a salad from their to-go section and wow! Worth every penny and it comes with 2 salad dressings!

1 7 Concur with prior reviews.   Pros -tasty bahn mi at a reasonable price, spacious and will likely return for a date with books.  I do wish they have a more extensive selection for lunch currently 4 sandwiches: 2 porks, a chicken , tofu.   They do have a great boba collection.   Will likely be back and looking forward to more offerings. 

1 8 This is one of the better lunch spots in Scottsdale. Any salad and any pizza for a flat price (I think $9). Very reasonable. Great atmosphere, easy parking, fast service. So many salad and pizza options you will never get bored.

1 9 Great apple fritter. I'm pretty sorry I didn't order more van-filled cuz that donut went down fast.   Staff was friendly and the prices more than reasonable.  A buck for donut holes -  heck yeah.

1 10 My first time here, it was pretty good! Servers were attentive fast, and the prices were not too bad as well!   They have good prices for desserts that are good to share for 2. They also give you a free macaron ice cream per Yelp review (I think that's amazing since macaron ice creams are 4 bucks each in kbbq's that I've been to!)  :)

1 11 I go here waaayy too much. They have lots of rotating fruit flavors (my favorite is mango and taro) along with the standard dessert-y type ones. The toppings bar has lots of fresh cut fruit, jelly bellies, mochi, 'juice balls', and plenty of candy. The owner is incredibly kind and keeps the bar very tidy...plus they take debit/credit cards with a smile and don't require a minimum. Smart move because if I had to go get cash every time I wanted a frozen yogurt fix (which is usually rather spontaneous) I would rarely go. Lastly, they are open late and very reasonably priced.

1 12 This place is my go-to pizza delivery joint. Ordering via GrubHub, my delivery is consistently on time, accurate, and hot. In the many times I've ordered from Little Nippers I have never had a bad order. Their pizza is pretty tasty for Pittsburgh standards. Hoagies are on point! Their prices are really reasonable--they're a great go-to when ordering out!

1 13 Best money I have ever spent on grooming! The staff is super friendly, the boutique is absolutely adorable, and- most importantly- it is CLEAN! Not sure how they do it, however this boutique does not smell like wet dog, as do most grooming places. They even give a report card on your first visit so you know of any issues that may exist with your beloved pooch. We will DEFINITELY be returning here!!

1 14 Good prices.  Good NY pizza.  Fast.  Good selection of slices with cool toppings.  Easy to stop in if you're walking on Fremont.   Bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area.

0 39 I have to bump this up to 3 stars because I've eaten here more than once. Still a bit steep in price, as I prefer in n out in every way over this place at half the cost but the bigger is solid here. 

1 16 Great place! I save money on bulk items.... And other fun things like books, clothing, DVDs... Also they have great deals on tires and you save money on gas! Totally worth the membership. Also, it's open most of the day. 

1 40 $25 bucks can go a long way for this place. Of maybe it's because my kid only plays the low credit games? Either way groupon usually has a good deal $10 for all day play. The only down side is  you don't accrue tickets to get prizes. But this place is a good time for both the young and older crowd and the crowd in between. They have a spot to eat and watch sports on numerous screens, pool table, darts, video games, bowling alley (very small), computer room and a private area for parties. It's a pretty cool setup and would suggest this play for family time or even a date night. 

1 17 Hole in the wall. Fantastic seafood dinner!!! Very reasonable price!  Will be a regular

1 18 Extremely extensive selection and the best pricing!!!   This is my go to and I will drive out of my way to find a Total Wine.  Definitely worth it!!!

1 19 This place has REALLY good sushi and half price during happy hour!!  I went in a group and I really liked the restaurant layout and the food.  The pricing during happy hour is GREAT!!  Can't beat half priced sushi.  Looking forward to returning here

1 20 I have been here a couple of times and really like the vibe.  The staff has been great.  The coffee is strong and hot.  They have a good selection of coffee options without going crazy.  Some of their other options like mocha are fantastic.    The interior is very comfortable and quant.  The prices are reasonable ... just.    I have not been in while the popcorn shop is open but will try to make it back

1 21 Love going here with my family. Local casino driving distance from us and away from all the crazy obnoxious tourists. They have a great Pizza restaurant inside as well as a decent priced buffet. The pool area is really nice.

1 22 Wow I found a pretty good slice place down in Arcadia I was actually impressed really reasonable prices and really good pizza how can you go wrong some people may not like the burnt stuff on bottom but I think it's delicious we would like to play with the dough great texture and actually has some flavor and I did like the cheese as well perfect man of chew and stringiness the place is super small just a few tables but you gets the job done staff is friendly and explain things like specials and other things are going on definitely will be back

1 23 We were running a little low in funds and has a few folks to feed. My niece recommend this place. We tried a variety of meals, sandwich,soups, burgers and everyone loved their meals. Great prices 4 adult 2 kids for $50 bucks. Will visit again.

1 25 Absolutely love this place. Tons and tons of options at great prices. We shop here once a month and fill our pantries and refrigerator. This place is almost always full of shoppers. The other grocery stores in town can't even come close to winco in pricing or selection.  Been shopping here for years. I do hope they open another location near the 95 and Summerlin parkway. If you're the area stop by and check it out.

1 26 I love this location as it's a lot more convenient for me and it's a lot easier to get parking. Menu is same as other locations.  A bowl of wonton noodle soup starts from $6 depends on how many toppings you want to add on. My favourite is wonton noodle soup with either yellow egg noodles or rice noodles for $6; it comes with 4 huge shrimp wontons. Or you can add a second topping for $6.5   Good and fresh wonton, good price and convenient location.

1 27 We ate here for lunch on Saturday and were really impressed! Prices were wonderful and made it possible for us to get three orders and share them between us. Everything was flavorful and delicious. Wish they had an outdoor space to eat too!

1 29 I went in here today and cannot agree more with the first reviewer.  I actually live a few miles north of here and have access to several grocery stores, but I would much rather buy local and support a business helping the neighborhood...but this is not about me!  The store has lots of staple grocery items like pasta, peanut butter, condiments, snacks, etc.  But what is really great are all of the local items like salsa, honey, bread, hummus, and a nice variety of local produce.  Everything is great quality and very reasonably priced, even the specialty and 'gourmet' items.  I hope a lot of folks support this store so it stays in business.

1 30 I love the prices on produce I just wish it lasted a little longer once I got it home.  I also buy most of my vitamins here.  The sandwich counter is good and really inexpensive for what you get.  Don't forget to pick up a fresh fruit popsicle!

1 31 Great doughnuts, good prices, and they always have coupons for freebie!

1 32 Definitely worth the price.  We only heard about this place by surfing through Groupon, and we are happy we did. I was reluctant at first because you don't really know what to expect at face value being a "rock restaurant in Circus Circus," but we got away with 2 Medium Rare NY Strip Steak meals with a bottle of wine and a THICK slice of cheesecake for super cheap! And I don't even think it was one of those "you get what you pay for" type of things... it was genuinely good.   There was actually Karaoke there that started toward the end of our visit and it was such a fun atmosphere. The host sang "Love On The Brain" by Rihanna... in a country accent. I hate country and even I thought he killed it!   Rachel was very good to us. Really really good service especially considering we came on a groupon I've seen servers give crap service to groupon users elsewhere so I was very thankful they treated us like every other customer.  I recommend.

1 33 I usually cringe at the cost of a restaurant where you cook your own food but Gangnam is surprisingly affordable, especially if you take my advice and order the combos for your group. The menu says they are for 2 people but we had a group of 4 and the combo filled us all.  You can always add one or two items a la carte if you are still hungry.  The meat is surprisingly well marbled and tender and fresh.  The sauces are perfect compliments to the meet.  I thought the salad was a little bit of an afterthought as it was mostly lettuce but we still ate it. Our favorite was the bulgogi bibambap.  The service felt a little off as they had a difficult time understanding and we were very conscious that they were watching us the whole time.  I understand it is your job to clear our table as we finish a plate but there are ways to be less intrusive about it. Also, they were fixing a light in the restaurant while we were all there.  Still, this place is very enjoyable and reasonably priced.

1 34 The newest grocery store to add to a long list of options in Ahwatukee.  Why would you visit Sprouts?  The fruits and veggies are better priced then anyone around hands down, their a LOCALLY owned business and it's a great option if your not a fan of the oversized grocery stores.  They have all the healthier options that we need these days and very few of the overly processed foods we should avoid.  The other day I was at a competitor and couldn't find a single low fat plain greek yogurt although they had 1500 options of Yoplait.   I love that although there are fewer options at Sprouts, they have what I'm looking for.  More doesn't always mean better.  This new store has all the bins you could need, a great coffee selection with free samples of the daily brew and some inexpensive yummy baked goods.  Thanks Sprouts for coming to my neighborhood!

1 35 I always enjoy the look of pure joy & delight when I take my Italian boyfriend into this little gem of a bakery.  I swear he was born with a bun in his mouth!   His eyes light up, when I ask him what he wants to get!   So much cheaper than Cobbs, and they have a broader selection of breads, buns & sweet yummies.  The selection is actually substantial, even later in the afternoons' on the weekend, unlike a lot of other bakeries, which are all picked over & practically empty. (ie. Cobbs)    A loaf of fresh dark rye was $2.73. 

1 36 Nice place to spend Saturday night with friends for dinner and drinks, also can come with kiddos, good food, pleasant atmosphere, reasonable prices!!!!

1 37 I've gone to Whataburger since I was a kid and not a whole lot has seemed to change. I enjoy their burgers much more then McDonald's, Wendy's and Burger King! I wouldn't say it's my favorite burger place, but it's decent and a reasonable price.

1 38 My family and i went today for dinner, and i have to admit it's not as bad as we thought it was gonna be. We paid $5 pp bcuz the Buffet has a promotion this month only on Wednesdays.  It was decent for $5.  The place is very clean and the staff was super nice.  They have 3 cook to order station where you can get Fajitas,Quesadillas, burgers,hot dogs, and stir fry. They also have a small salad bar but i have to admit the lettuce had seen better days.  They also had a carving station with prime rib which could of been better,and ham. they also had fried chicken,wild rice w mushrooms. They had clams with cheese which were very good.  They also have a small dessert station.  All in all it was worth the price we paid

1 39 Been meaning to try this place out for a while after reading the good reviews.  Great veal sandwiches at a fair price! Check it out! The couple there are very nice. I'll definitely go back.  Notes: closed Sundays and bring cash.

1 40 Valentines 2/14/11  Bopped in here for a quick margarita tonight before we left the strip. I have only had a full meal here once but the burrito I had was $15 and worth every penny. The burrito was double the size of a Chipotle style and even more tasty. Margaritas are decent price for being apart of the Mandalay Bay chain as well as the authentic tacos.   Mostly a noisy bar atmosphere but well decorated with a great friendly staff.  Good place to catch a quick drink of a meal before heading out on the strip.

1 41 I only go here on NON gallery crawl nights...the fish tacos are perfection with mexi-slaw and a margarita   The staff is hip and attentive.  The only thing I wish I could change about this place is the corn salsa that comes with the chips.  Prices are excellent and I love the new addition!

1 43 What can I say that everyone  has said all ready . Bottom line good soft serve  icecream  old school style  like in the 70s &80s  . At a great price .  Line can be long but it moves fast . So wait . They even have a sink outside  so you can clean yourself after your icecream  .  A MUST VISIT  IF YOU ARE IN MISSISSAUGA

1 44 We wanted a budget friendly place to stay on the Southeast end of the strip. This place fit the bill perfectly. I always stay at different places in Vegas depending on what I am doing, location, and who I am with. I will admit I was worried about staying here considering the very inexpensive price. However, I would say overall I got exactly what I would expect at this price point and enjoyed my stay here. First of all, the staff here is very friendly and go out of their way to take care of you. I was greeted by Esperanza at the front desk and she was wonderful! She even remembered me and would wave and say hi every time I walked by the desk on my way in and out. The security staff and housekeeping were also great.  Pros: very budget friendly, great location from strip, large updated rooms, smaller casino so everything is easily accessible, ample FREE parking, large well kept beautiful (unheated) pool area with hot tub, great staff, free coffee coupons  Cons: paper thin windows made for

1 45 3.5 stars! Boba Tea House is one of the few boba places I like in Arizona!   We had their Thai Iced tea with boba. The boba balls weren't bad at all! They were moist, soft, and tasty! The decor is bright and colorful and looks like a chill hang out spot. In regard to the Thai Iced tea, I do prefer Thai Iced tea from Thai restaurants more. However, I do see myself coming back to their other selections! The boba is actually cheaply priced here, all under $3 (unlike The Street on Dobson).

1 46 Just left from Lola's and finally feeling like my eyes are open! why haven't i been here sooner? I will no longer be lazy and sit in the drive though of..well, i wont even say the name of that huge company (you know what I'm talking about.) Lola's is very attractive, great prices and has beautiful pastry's. I did not have time to sit down, but there is plenty of space for that, with interesting books on the tables. WiFi, and real coffee cups! The cute girl behind the counter was very nice. She treated everyone like they were a longtime friend. Lola's is great!! See you there :)

1 47 I totally love this place, reasonable price for a all you can eat sushi buffet. Huge selection of deserts and all you can eat sushi.  Service is exceptional, parking is abundant and tons of shops to shop around.  Only 4 out 5 stars because its location, quite a drive for to get too.

1 48 I've been her twice for lunch.  Price is great for what you get, and portions are good.  I had the spicy fried Thai chicken rice, double Thai hot. made me sweat!  I'd recommend them.

1 49 Affordable prices, beautiful place and really nice owner. I really recommend this place. It's got a great vibe. Accidentally stumbled onto this place during pouring rain. So worth it!!

1 50 Tried this place for the first time, staff was nice. Good taste good, little pricey IMO. But I'd recommend this to others.


 ###### Service  negative ######
1 1 Oh happy day, finally have a Canes near my casa. Yes just as others are griping about the Drive thru is packed just like most of the other canes in the area but I like to go sit down to enjoy my chicken. The cashiers are pleasant and as far as food wise i have yet to receive any funky chicken. The clean up crew zips around the dining area constantly so it's usually well kept. My only gripe is the one fella with Red hair he makes the rounds while cleaning but no smile or personality a few nights ago he tossed the napkins i just put on the table to help go with my meal. After I was done he just reached for my tray no "excuse me or are you done with that?"  I realize he's trying to do his job quickly but a little table manners goes along way. That being said still like to grub here and glad that there's finally a Cane's close to me. 

1 1 Coconut's Fish Cafe is a fantastic, Five Stars fish cafe.  The five of us drove here on our lunch hour and lucky us, there were only a few customers in line. Nice!  A good sign, when UR working against a clock.   I ordered the Póke (Photo) for $11.99 which was outstanding.  I love fresh Tuna and Coconut's might be some of the best I've every had.  Order it and see!  My coworkers ordered, the Chicken Tacos for $11.99, Steak Tacos (Photos) for $11.49, Fish Taco for $10.99 and a cup of Chowder for $5.74. Add in a few IPAs, or soft drinks and we all averaged about $15 each.  I tried my friend Josh's Fish Tacos and his was great, too.  So why they Four Star review, Georgie? Well the non fish group thought theirs was average. Okay, so you go to a place called Coconut's Fish Cafe and you order chicken and steak?  I'm sorry, that is so LOL.   Step away from the meat taco guys and no one will get hurt!  Order the Poke, Fish or Shrimp Tacos and you'll fall in love with Coconut's Fish Cafe as I d 

1 2 Decent food. Fishermen lobster or even congee queen can do better than this. Nice decor but that is it. I don't expect too much service from a Chinese restaurant but I gotta say that the hostess and waitress weren't welcoming at all. Won't recommend this place to anyone. 

1 1 Sigh. This review was tough to give, as it could've been anywhere between 2 and 4 stars.  Let's start with the positives. I came here with a friend for Summerlicious this afternoon at 12:30, and we got the last seat in the restaurant (it helped that we reserved). We were given the menu and our order was taken in about 3-4 minutes. Not bad to start.  I ordered the miso soup, green salad, ebi shiumai, sushi/sashimi/maki, and green tea ice cream. The miso soup and green salad tasted nothing special (the soup was a little salty though). The ebi shiumai tasted really good! The sushi/sashimi/maki tasted very good as well, and I especially love how there's a much higher raw fish-rice ratio compared to other restaurants I go to. Finally, the green tea ice cream was a great dessert to finish.  Everything with the food satisfied me. The service, after having the order taken, was a near disaster. I understand it was a busy day today due to the fact it was a nice Friday, but many of the servers we 

0 5 Love the menu, love the service. I had lunch here on Friday for my first time here. There was a line of course when I walked in at 12:15 and the place is definitely a little noisy. Right away someone greeted me and asked if I'd be eating here or taking it to go. She reserved a table for me and my friend so we didn't have to wander around trying to find a place to sit after ordering (always the worst part of restaurants like wildflower, paradise, etc). We ended up spending $35 for two people for lunch, but I'm ok with that since we got two salads (both with protein added), iced tea, and fresh juice. My husband even commented that the food was much better quality that what we'd get at another fast-casual type restaurant.   I ate here again a few weeks later - called my order in and it was ready to go when I arrived. They even have a separate door and counter for take out. Not cheap - $22 for lunch, but that's on me for getting salad with chicken, juice, and a brown rice krispy treat. 

1 7 the most low quality catering in persian catagory. we had party on persian new year and every one paid for the food to be cater through this place. the food was not even enough for everybody and the quality was bad. I feel so bad for this business, 

0 11 When I walked into Epicure Cafe today it was like bizarroland - like when you come home from vacation and sense that everything isn't in its right place. You know you're at home, but someone's moved something, rearranged the furniture, or otherwise changed things ever so slightly but just enough to make you suspicious. This wasn't the Epicure Cafe that I remember from three or four years ago.  I learned from Jackie, our cutesy server who was a total dupe for actress Clea DuVall, that a few years ago Epicure changed locations. To a few doors down farther east on Queen, on the same side of the street. Which explains the slightly-different-but-not-quite layout, decor and seating. It was a pleasant surprise. I didn't venture upstairs but I was told there's an outdoor eating area that will have to be explored on my next visit.  The menu options are, like others have said, a bit overwhelming. But for the fussy eater (I was with one of them) there was no lack of choice - Epicure has everythin 

1 15 After making idiot faces through the window at the employees of Spicy Pickle, employees who were most likely tired after a long day of training, my husband and I were invited to lunch the next day- a training activity for the staff. Only friends and family were invited. We felt very special- either to be considered part of the Spicy Pickle family, or maybe because we made such ridiculous fools of ourselves at the window that they thought we might be "special" in the other meaning. Perhaps. Either way, free lunch.  It's not as though I could give a stinky review to anything given to me for free- I might feel bad- but this was just what the doctor ordered.   Not for the weak at heart.  It's not just a clever name. Their pickles are actually spicy. They seems to be lightly dusted with some kind of chile powder. A nice kick follows a good bite.  I ordered the Dilly something or other. It was half a sandwich (sub or panini) with a bowl of soup. I chose the Corn and Green Chile Bisque with t 

1 17 I've had both good and bad experiences at this location.  It may be far fetched to expect at least DECENT customer service.  I know it is a fast food restaurant and the cashiers are likely making minimum wage, but come on!  At least be happy you have a job (for now) and stop treating people like crap.  The only thing that keeps me coming back is that it is a 24 hour drive thru and really hits the spot if you've been drinking.  Although, if you hit it at the same time as the rest of the drunks, the line can be really long, and it seems like the food takes forever sometimes (although I will not complain, at least it is fresh). 

1 2 I had a durian mille crepe cake and the raindrop coffee. The coffee was delicious and the setup for the cotton candy was really cute! The durian crepe cake had a decent durian flavour but I would have liked it to have a stronger taste to it since I am a huge fan of durian anything. A little less cream would have been better as well.  The store itself was pretty cute too! Service could have been faster since it was a slow night but it's ok if you're just catching up with some friends.

1 24 This place gets a 2 stars because while the food is delicious heir service is horrible. Every time I order from here it is always some kind of issue. The first time I tried to order their 4$ ginger salad with extra vegetables she informed it only comes with iceberg lettuce and shaved  carrots.... pause- FOUR DOLLARS? Never mind! I came to dine in today and we order our appetizers- I ordered sushi and Tom Kia soup with modifications to it. and everything came out of the kitchen out of order. My soup came before everyone it was not modified the way I asked for it. And when she sent it back to be corrected the main dishes came out not the appetizer so we said never mind and my soup never came out. I only recommend eating as take out and check your orders to make sure they are correct! 

1 42 One of the best winterlicious I tried thus far. I never really like winterlicious menu, usually it's pretty mediocre. It is in the higher price range of Winterlicious at $45. I had sardines as starter and black cod as main. The cod was very tender and nicely flavored. I really enjoy my meal. However, one of my friends had lobster bisque as starter, and he thought it was bland. And, he had squid as a main, which he thought was the size of a starter.  :/ everyone's a critic.  I thought the service was great too. 

0 43 The restaurant was very busy on the Saturday evening, but a table opened up just as we approached the counter to place our orders.  My wife and I each each chose the Great Greek gyro - lamb and beef gyro meat wrapped in pita bread along with lettuce, tomato, tzazki and feta. At a nominal additional cost, these were upgraded to a platter that included a small Greek salad and soda.  We were more than happy with our dining chose this evening. 

0 25 Had lunch here the other day and wasn't all that impressed.  FIrst off the parking is very strange you have to park off to the side and walk past an empty boarded up building to get to the front door.  The decor is more rock diner than mexican restaurant, but nice enough.  On a weekday at 12:00 they were completely empty and it's a huge restaurant so that's a little bit of a concern right off the bat.  I had the cheese enchiladas which were ok, not anything special and kinda plain.  The Corn pudding for a side was something you never see and was the best thing on my plate.  The Anaheim Chili stuffed with sweet potato would be better if they removed the skin. It was pretty inedible the way it was served and very messy to scrape the pepper and potato off the skin to eat it.  I will give them props for trying something different, but poor execution at any rate.  The high point was our great server. She was very friendly and really nice. So I think going here for chips and beer on the pati 

1 3 After hearing about people rave about this place I decided to try it out for myself he other day. Went online and saw the menu, saw the "famous Sonoran dogs" and immediately wanted that to try. Saw that they had an option to order and pay online to avoid the line and pick up quickly. Heck yeah I'll take it! Ordering through a phone call or going in would be better. Put my order and a couple co workers order in online and paid. 25 bucks gone. Another co worker left to get the food and went to the counter to pick up order. Luckily he made it just as it started filling up with people. The employee at the counter didn't have any idea what he was talking about when he said he was there for an online order pickup. Luckily I printed out my "invoice" as they call it and sent it with him. Had it not been for him having that paper they wouldn't have taken the order. I get it, sometimes technology doesn't work right and you get missed. They realized and said sorry and made the order quickly. Now 

0 28 Dropped by for a late lunch. They have lunch specials until 3 PM.  They've got a menu that's chinese-only, and I'm not sure whether that's the menu with the better stuff or not. It's definitely different from the english menu though.  Service is alright. Portions are pretty big. A group of girls sitting at another table across from us had ordered one dish each, but when the dishes arrived you could tell they were visibly shocked by the sheer quantity of stuff on the dishes. Lunch combo was pretty sizable as well, and they come with a drink on the side.  Flavor was alright.  At the very least, you won't be leaving hungry. 

1 30 Ever since Tsujiri opened up, feels like a lot of copy cats are opening their own, or had the idea to bring over a brand from Japan. To me, it's ok. As long as you do a good job I don't mind buying from a copy cat. Saryo is a 2 in 1 shop with ramen (Konjiki) and the Saryo café. This review is for Saryo.  I'm a matcha fiend and have to politely disagree with all the other reviewers praising Saryo's matcha. It really doesn't compare with Tsujiri. Tsujiri has a much longer history of doing matcha and Saryo's matcha is simply not the same grade. High quality matcha is supposed to have a subtle sweetness in addition to a slight bitter taste. Too bitter does not mean it's better. Saryo's matcha soft serve is simply not as pronounced and lacks that subtle sweetness I would expect. The texture is also a bit more runny than I would like.   Also, their selection is much smaller than Tsujiri and most of the pastry items are a notch worse than Tsujiri.   Customer service wise, I can't get over one 

1 33 I work right next to this place and I've been here a bunch of times so let me tell you what the deal is.  A lot of people complain about this place because they say "Ooh the cashier was unfriendly" or "Oh the food wasn't like an asian master would prepare" well no kidding you big drungus, it's because you're at Pei Wei and it's like a fast food place if you wanted authentic asian experiences you screwed up already.  Pei Wei is where you go if you want a bowl of noodles or rice and you want some stuff on top with a sauce.  Just order it and move down the line and if there's a table then sit at a table or maybe take it back to you office.  It's just food.  This location is pretty average in terms of speed and politeness, and the food seems to be cooked appropriately so what else do you want?  Here's my PRO TIP: When you go to the place where the drinks are right after you order, get a fortune cookie, but slip it into your pocket, then at the end of the meal, go back and say outloud "Oh m 

1 36 Paris 66 is one of those places you hear a lot of buzz about and are dying to go to.  One of those places you EXPECT will be incredible!  This was a sorta mediocre experience....but I do expect more from this place.    It was totally my fault that I set up a breakfast meet up at 10a and a lunch meet up at noon.  I'm either looking to gain 1000 lbs or am busy.  I'll take the busy option.  So since i was stuffed from an incredible waffle from Sugar Cafe I decided to get my fav salad of the moment, a beet salad.  It was a pretty big disappointment.  I'd say it was MAYBE 1/3 a beat with TINY little cubes of beets, lettuce leaves and blue cheese.  Blue Cheese with beats?  No feta, really?!  Ok, I'm looking too much into this beet salad, but for realz, it was sorta lame.    Our server was OK, but sorta seemed like she wasn't into serving that day.  She kept forgetting to bring my friend her drink and she just seemed pretty lackadaisical.  No big thang I guess, I served and I was horrible!!   

1 8 I've been a Wingstop fan for quite some time now.  My friends and I would got to the Green Valley Ranch location about once a week until it was closed down.  Then we started going to the Tropicana location (although not as frequently due to the location).  We recently found about this particular location on Maryland and wanted to give it a try.  The manager, DJ, transferred from the Tropicana location.  He remembers our names (even though we only go a couple times a month these days) and is always welcoming and friendly.  This location is a bit different than most Wingstop locations.  There is a bar area.  There is more seating than normal.  The walls are lined with TVs showing sports.  I like all these things.  At the other Wingstop locations I would feel cramped and would want to leave soon after finishing my meal.  The wings I got on this trip were exceptionally large.  I've never had a problem with wing size at Wingstop and these were even bigger than usual.  I typically get the ho 

0 44 In a world gone mad there is very little someone can hold on to as true, as right, as constant. Rex Marvin is that person. Rex Marvin's search for the greatest food and the most huffable gasoline makes him the tragic figure that in literature would get the girl, save the day, and have the most severed heads in jars in his basement (if it was a Disney book).  The good news people, is that all of those things in real life are true.  If you consider a graveside ditch near the freeway to be a "basement".  Rex does. Recently, Rex was accosted for no reason.  Rex and his woman, Three Legged Midget Maggie, were minding our own business.  Rex was casually tossing TLMM up in the air until she was able to grab onto a ledge and let herself in.  Rex tossed her and she didn't come down. A sure sign that TLMM has accomplished her mission. Rex turns around to have 4 metro cops staring at him. They were big. They were not smiling.  Rex decided to break the ice.  Rex asked "How many buy one get one fre 

1 46 I haven't been to this place in years, although it's painfully and tauntingly close to home.  Reason being that the service sucked, and the food was marginal.  But, Ari was closed last week when I had an afternoon craving, so I thought I'd give EE another chance.  BIG mistake and waste of $25.  I order tempura and sushi to go.  The sushi was beyond aromatic (smelly) and the seaweed wraps were so stale, I couldn't get my canines to rip through it to even chew the food.  The tempura was made in what seemed like pancake batter, it was so heavy and unappealing.  How hard is it to screw up something fried?  Ask EE.  Basically ended up taking a bite of everything, and then throwing all of it out.  Never again. 

0 47 The first time I was at El Cafecito, I wasn't all too impressed. I remembered a number of dead wasps or flies on the windowsill beside me. Ever since then, I dreaded going back. It was not pleasant being in a cafe that wasn't so clean (chilling with the wasps, does that sound like a good cafe experience to you?).  But second time was the charm when I came in, impressed with how full the cafe was. The previous year I went, there were a lot fewer customers. However, despite being full, the cafe was quiet as people worked away or kept their nose behind the newspaper. And no more bugs on the windowsill! Yayy!  To get in touch with its Latin American roots, El Cafecito offers dancing lessons after the cafe closes down and changes the place into a dance floor. They have tango every Wednesday and salsa every Thursday between 7 PM to 10/11 PM. So if you are looking for something new to try, why not with some fun dance lessons to bring out your inner dancing queen/king? With some coffee on the  

1 4 The food here is phenomenal! But the service was awful the second time we went there. They rushed us and said they could only seat us until a certain time. The server (blonde) was very non engaging and made it obvious she was annoyed. Their food is unbeatable but sorry, I won't go back there no matter what after the horrible customer service.

0 49 Unfortunately, I failed to inquire whether their injera was wheat-free, since I assumed that it was (at least at every other Ethiopian place I've eaten at as been). So... no good for gluten/wheat intolerant people (oops!). My parents, who have never had Ethiopian food before liked it pretty well, and I thought it was very yummy up until the point that I found out about the wheat used in the injera. The outside of the location is not attractive, but inside it's very nice. The service was very good as well. I would return if I could, but I can't.. would love it if they made wheat-free injera!! 

1 5 I've been dining at Pei Wei locations all over the Valley for years and years. After moving to Ahwatukee from Central Phoenix a couple of years ago, this location became the closest to me. It used to be reliable and consistent but the last several times I've been, the quality has really suffered.   A few months ago I ordered some take-out for my family.  After getting it home and going to eat my meal, I realized that my order was very wrong.  Now I'd become accustomed to this location forgetting things like sauces for the appetizers, napkins, soy sauce and fortune cookies (things that are supposed to be included with take-out), but my dish was inedible to me.    I called to complain, the manager was apologetic and offered that I come back and pick up a replacement OR he would send me a gift card to replace my meal.  Since I have an infant that I needed to get to bed, I opted for the gift card.  A month or so went by and my husband suggested Pei Wei.  That's when I realized that I never 

1 7 The Spring Rolls and Pinneapple Curry were very good, but I just wasn't impressed with the atmosphere or service.

1 8 En faisant des recherches sur Yelp (et sur d'autres sites aussi mais shut), je cherchais le meilleur endroit de sushi à volonté à Montréal (et quand je parle de Montréal..je ne parle pas de Kirkland, West Island et des endroits où le métro ne se rend pas..). Selon mes recherches, c'était le Sushi Plus. En plus, seulement 13 minutes de chez moi en auto..et comme ma date Tinder a une auto et c'est lui qui m'accompagnait, c'était très bien. Il y a beaucoup de place de stationnement et le métro Acadie est à proximité pour les gens en BMW (bus, metro, walk).  Donc, nous sommes arrivé au resto, je m'attendais à quelque chose de plus grand..mais bref ce n'est pas ça l'important. Nous avons attendu un petit 3 minutes avant qu'on nous assigne une place.    Une fois assis, on voit les "serveurs" passer..mais ce sont plutôt des préposés à l'eau ou bien à apporter la nourriture. Après une dizaine de minutes, je demande de l'eau. Une autre fille nous apporte un Ipad, mais sans aucune explication. 

0 6 Ordered some dimsum to go plus the salty calamari with jalapenos and can i just say that their serving for almost just 5 bucks of calamari is pretty hefty. The dimsum that i got are shrimp shu mai, taro dumplings, and the crystal shrimp (not sure that this is the name). Anyway the guy that i talked to on the phone was nice. When i picked up the waiter wasn't bad as well. But when I got home i was missing one order of taro dumplings. :( i just let it go since 2.36 isn't worth arguing for. But all in all yes for dimsum, just double check stuffs to make sure u get what u paid for. 

1 8 Very hot inside!!! They charge more than all the other boba places I have been to... They're okay though, no real complaints. They take their time when making them though.... A very very very long time... 

1 9 They sent us coupons to try them out. Printed on the coupon is their hours. But in the one month that the coupon was valid, they changed their hours. Now closed on Sundays. Not happy that I drove all the way there just to find that they were closed. Not likely to go try again.

1 10 2 servers on a Saturday night? Place is packed and the table next to us just waited 15 more mins additional than us when we all ordered drinks at the same time. Food took a while to come out. Sorry Hard Rock, your service sucks.

1 11 Food is good, coffee is good, location is relatively easy to get to and park at...so why the 2 stars?  The service sucks a lot.  Started going to Coca a few years ago and the service staff used to be super nice.  I always expect a long wait, but they always made you feel welcome, so I didn't mind.  However, the past 3-4 times I've been there, the service has gone WAY downhill.  From the greeting to the service at the tables...wow.  2nd to last time I went I was told "1 hour" for 3 people.  Stood around outside for a bit...got cold and went inside to buy a to-go coffee (which I've always been able to do before).  Was told by one of the servers that it was "discouraged" to get coffee before we sat down, so we can go get coffee down the street...in a condescending "why are you bothering me" tone.  Um...you discourage people to buy coffee from you?  Last time I went, another 1 hr wait for 2 people.  Came back 30mins later, and wanted to see how far we were on the list.  The server snatched

1 12 If your Open sign is on, it's twenty minutes until your posted closing time, and all the lights are on, don't look at me like I'm an idiot for wanting to place an order. (The floors were already wet and they'd been in the process of closing for awhile judging by the bleach smell.)   Seriously, I wonder if the manager knows about shutting down a full half hour before closing.

1 13 This review will be short - because my visit was super short as well.  The boy and I showed up late Sunday afternoon for an early dinner/late lunch/super late breakfast and were quickly seated in the bar area.  The lighting was very dim - good if you want a romantic date, bad if you want to read the menu.    Anyways, we had a Living Social voucher to redeem so we ordered tons of food - starting with the table side guac.  The server brought us chips and salsa and was just about to show up with the guac when the power went out - twice.  Apparently the power went out and then their backup generator failed.    Turns out the power wasn't expected to be back on for a few hours so we enjoyed our guac by candlelight and were also serenaded by the waiter....  Our real meal never happened - obviously - no power, but I liked the way that they handled the unexpected situation and darn, now I have to go back!

1 15 Stacks on stacks of meat, and some super yummy pineapple!   I think at one point, I was playing catch up with all the cuts of meat I had waiting for me on my plate. All of us couldn't help being a little extra gluttonous.   And who can say no to their pineapple?  The second time they came around with the pineapple, to my group of 6, and we were told there were only 3 pieces left at the moment... Every man for himself! Needless to say, I wanted them all..  Service was meh. We initially had reservations made for 9, and didn't actually get seated until almost 9:30.  It wasn't even a case where they were full and couldn't accommodate - there were multiple empty tables (that seated 6). Yet, we were told to wait, as the server continued to seat others who came after us with later reservations of 9:30.  It wasn't until we had to press them for our reservation a 3rd time, where we finally got seated - in the corner of the restaurant beside the bar. Not impressed. Not to mention there were stil

1 16 Came here for dinner on a Wednesday night. It was pretty busy for midweek. I had the opportunity to people watch whilst waiting for the DC. There were a lot of dates taking place in the dining room.  Service was 'meh.' Asked whether or not we had been helped got quite annoying. Yes - we are waiting for a table as instructed five times by various Mezes employees (!).   Had the chicken souvlaki on a pita as my main. For $9, it was pretty skimpy. More veggies would have added to my meal.  This place is a-ok. Not going to go out of my way to eat here, but at the same time I'm not going to go out of my way to avoid Mezes.

1 17 I was expecting a lot more so that is why I can only give Beijing Noodle No. 9 two stars.... part of me wants to give it three, but I know better and I need to rate this as I would anywhere else.    The sleek white modern bright decor is fabulous... looks great, but after sitting there it was too bright.  Service was awesome.  Food was at best MEH (hence the two).  The one redeeming item was the corn and chicken soup (I think that is what it was).    Also... when you are not busy, please do not seat the screaming kid next to two of the only diners... they did this and it was incredibly frustrating.  I was with my boss so it was not as bad as it could have been had I been on a romantic date with my husband. 

0 19 I was really hoping to enjoy this place.  Great location in a modern building. The problem was more with the kitchen than anything else.  Came when there wasn't a crowd and was asked to sit inside or outside. Chose inside and was seated quickly in the middle of a long row of tables.  Waitress was very friendly and the service was quite good. We ordered and waited.  My stepdaughter had the Kobe burger and asked for it to be 'medium', it was rare. My girlfriend asked for the Turkey burger, it was under cooked with a soft white center and had to be sent back to the kitchen. I had the Samburger which as a burger with bacon on it. I asked for it to be medium rare and got it very rare.  I like rare anyway, but not what I had asked for. The buns were nice and soft and the flavor was ok.  On the bright side, the loaded fries were very good, according to my stepdaughter.  There is a lot of new competition in Gilbert and not performing well is not going to help. I am sure other Yelpers liked thi 

0 19 When I want to treat a guest out to korean bbq I usually stay away from all you can eat mainly because of the quality and the service of the restaurant. My favorite was hobak before 8oz came along. It really depends on what you desire for your meal.  If you want pretty good meat then I would tend to lean to hobak. However what I really like about 8ounce was for multiple reasons. 1. It takes reservations  2. It's super clean and modern 3. The staff are way more friendlier 4. Side dishes wise, I like 8oz  We ordered the large combo because we had a party of 4 and it was plenty! One thing though... they do not allow another refill of the egg soufflé which happens to be my favorite but o well.   They also have this dessert in a martini for 7$. Totally overpriced but it does taste good. We got both the chocolate and the green tea and it's like the snowflakes shaved ice. 

1 20 Update: The mark of a great restaurant is an owner who cares. I received a message shortly after the review below confirming that sides will be added to orders, and a changing table will be installed. Way to go, Honest John!  Honest John's interior decorator deserves 5 stars. Love, love, the décor. The brunch menu, while not incredibly big, is also solid. I order the DIY Omelette with almost every "topping" option. A few of the items I chose were missing, but it took a decent amount of time to receive our food, and I was starving, so I ate it anyway. It was delicious! I expected it to come with toast or something, but it was just an omelette on a plate. For $11, that's borderline too expensive for just an omelette IMO. I also ordered a side of homefries for $3, which were equally good. Two other things...  While our server was pleasant enough, service was slow. Granted, we had a party of six, but the party of three beside us also seemed to experience excessive wait times as well.  In m

1 21 Now, everyone loves chipolte. what I don't love is a 30 minute line at almost 3pm. The staff was disorganized and mis rolled my burrito. This location isn't equipt to serve the population who comes by. I'll go to 44th street next time. 

1 22 Close to home so we wanted to give it a try. Ordered a couple rolls (no avocado), tamago and a beef bento box. They made the rolls with avocado so they had to remake it. I felt bad but I asked them for no avocado when I ordered because I'm allergic. Also, the spicy tuna roll was not spicy but lukewarm.   Dined at the bar and one of the chefs were right in front of us the whole time...he wasn't even the one that took our order or made the sushi. It was really awkward because only 4 of 8 bar seats were taken with guests and he was just standing there watching us eat. Ah, so weird. There must be something else you could be doing...  The bento came out and the beef was good. They forgot to bring out the rice and when they did it was a little on the dry side. The waiters reached across and in between the two of us throughout the meal. Just may be inexperience. There wasn't any consistency in service either. Check took forever to get. There were a total of 6 guests in the whole restaurant.  

1 24 I encountered a situation where the elderly couple we were eating with shared a few pieces of shrimp after one of them ordered the steak and unlimited shrimp option. OK that was our bad,  we told them that they couldn't do that and they stopped. We ordered another round of shrimp and the manager decided to come over to our table and instead of politely notifying us that there is no sharing, it seemed like she wanted to announce it to the other tables around us and remind us that it says that on the menu. We offered to pay for a side of shrimp if it was an issue,  but the manager just said it was OK and walked away... The conversation between the manager and the elderly man after that was not professional and was indicative of someone who did not have enough training to diffuse a guest situation.   Side note: if you and any other party members order their all you can eat shrimp option you still can't share. I made sure to clearly ask the server this question to be sure there was no misu

1 25 Lack of caring service!! It was just the second time for me having food here but not my husband. We decided to come here bcoz I thought seafood here is good.  We grabbed cocktails before starting our dinner. My husband did order Shrimp Caesar, I was not ready at that time. The server just took the order..she didn't say thing or recommend me anything. When she came back, I ordered Bahama cocktail. It was good though but felt like alcohol was less than it mentions. (I'm sensitive to alcohol, but I felt nothing!) Salad came, was normal taste but the BISCUIT was great! Next, our main dishes, were ok. We got the combination of lobster, crab (difficult to eat much), breaded shrimp and butter shrimp, it was just ok for me...Another dish was rainbow trout with lemon butter, I like this one! Everything seemed good except the service. I asked our waitress for more sauce during we were having our food. She was disappeared from our tables. Forgot! or IGNORED! or both!!!! I didn't call her anymore 

1 26 A good dive to hang out at. Bartenders suck but not that busy on a Friday night good seating and good live music. Good for groups and friends hang out. Not good date night unless ur up for a dive.

1 27 Stopped in here for a late lunch one afternoon.  Ordered a Reuben sandwich and a bottle of water. Sandwich was made fresh and hot to order.  The sandwich was huge! I could only eat half of it and took the other half to go. Sandwich was tasty!  The guy running the place was nice.  The only thing I will ding the place on is the parking situation. There was no available parking on the street - meaning every available spot was already occupied. I had driven over from my hotel and being from out-of-town had no idea I would not be able to find a place to park. So I ended up paying to park in a pay lot next to the building the Deli is located within.  Also note - West 3rd Deli does not deliver - BUT - they have two delivery services they are partnered with - so if you do want to order and have it delivered- you can do so! 

1 15 I've seen this place go downhill in recent years...  I don't know if it's the fact that the owners feel that they now need to cater to pretentious Thornhill patrons, or if it's because they opened a second restaurant right next door, but the service and quality has dwindled as of late.  They have a cute coupon card.. visit Maki 9 times, and your 10th time is free... however, prices are sky-high ($24.99 on a weekend), and tip (15-18%) is always tacked-on to your bill.  I would consider skipping this place... 

1 28 Wow this jersey mikes has gone down hill!!!!!!!! I usually am a huge fan of coming here!!!!  Location really seems like it's run down it doesn't smell clean like the other locations . The only reason why they're getting a one star is because they don't have pickles at this location!! Whoever the owner is of this jersey Mike's location talk to whoever you get your pickles from a talk them your customers want pickles. even the girl behind the counter said that everybody is complaining that there's no pickles at this location.. Go do your job as an owner and get the damn pickles back 

1 29 Stopped in for a burrito yesterday,  as we do often enough.  The place is busy (as always), and the service was friendly.  But we noticed tons of mini fruit-fly type flies buzzing around all the burrito toppings, landing in them, etc.  I was quite put off by it.  The girls making the burritos didn't even make an attempt to swat the flies out of the way.    I love Burrito Boyz, but I'll be rethinking it next time I crave a burrito.

1 30 Close to home, but not my taste buds. Food was a little bland. Service was weird. The guy started cleaning the very dirty floor while I was eating my food, and kept apologizing. The place was niceish, but you are better off checking another spot out.

1 31 the server gave one of the people in my party a horribly cracked cup, so we asked for another one. The cleanliness is never a strong point of Chinese Dim Sum restaurants, and it should be noted that you should clean your cutlery and plates before eating an extra time to make sure you aren't eating someone else's leftovers.  The service and food was pretty average in comparison to the other dim sum restaurants nearby. The restaurant was pretty empty, which probably explained the quick service and quick food we got that day.

1 32 Been coming here for years. Great, prompt and friendly service. Prices have gone up over the years, but that's expected with inflation, but the quality of food has remained the same - great.  The reason for the 4 star rating is I've noticed the last few visits we've heard nothing but Adele music. Seriously, that $h!t is depressing to listen to when you're trying to enjoy all day breakfast. Cut her, and go back to the variety music you had before. This is not enjoyable and I'll have to seriously consider going somewhere else if this continues. I'd be a Shane cuz I drop at least $50 - $60 a visit.  I hope the management reads this. Your choice in music is what's giving you the less than perfect rating.

0 36 I used to come to this Starbucks once a week.  I would stock up on Italian Via (non decaf) and sometimes an iced coffee or iced latte.  The past month or two that I have stopped by this Starbucks  though they no longer carry any Bold varieties of via except Italian decaf.  I've decided to stop going back because the new manager does not stock Bold vias (non decaf) based on what one employee told me.  The employees are great, and the drive-thru staff are always friendly though! 

1 33 I came here at 12:20, ordered a small mcfrappe (chocolate chip=amazeballs) and a sausage mcmuffin with cheese. Seems pretty simple, right? I didn't ask for any crazy special instructions, right?  So, after sitting there and waiting for 14 minutes.... yes, FOURTEEN MINUTES, they finally hand me my mcmuffin. I, regrettably, drove off without checking it first.  Guess what? There's no cheese. So now I'm sitting in the drive thru line (which is now unreasonably long) instead of driving home. Yay me.   I really don't understand it. Is it really that difficult to understand? And now they're trying to argue with me saying it doesn't come with cheese on it.... I know that, but I asked for cheese to be added....so.... am I wrong here? Lol Idk why they look so confused.   Please train these employees to have better customer service. No apology or anything, the girl just shoved the bag in my hand and shut the window. What a lovely bunch you have working here :) 

0 34 CLOSED.  Sadly.  As of 10-27-2011, CLOSED FOR BUSINESS.    The Basha's in their strip closed, and that wiped out a lot of their business.  Too Bad.  Nice people, selling a great product the right way.  Darn. 

1 35 Service is so slow Not the first time here neither They priorities the pickup orders They clean n busy doing other things instead of helping the line moves A back wall can wait to be wiped if the line is to the door and people r so frustrated because your too slow! Seriously!!!! As soon as she stopped n came to help the line was moving. Made me late to everything, I would avoid this particular location :/ Nothing wrong besides super slow

1 36 The food was amazing but, a super inconvenience that they can't split checks. You're in the customer service industry and dividing payments is a huge part of that. The fact that it's such a hassle makes me second guess coming here. You need to upgrade your payment method to accommodate you're customers. Other than that service was good!

1 37 This is one of my favorite spots to sneak out for lunch. The lunch specials are amazing. I'm a big fan of the 2 tacos, or the Taco and the cheese Enchilada.  In a small group setting, the service is amazing.   However, once time I brought my Team from work (10 members) in for an off-site lunch meeting. I made reservations several days in advance.   They brought us to the back of the restaurant, and it took a solid 10 minutes for someone to come by with water. Then took several more long moments to bring our drink orders. Once we finally ordered our food, it took near 40 minutes for everyone to get served (this is including one member of my team who had to wait an additional 5 or so minutes from the rest of my group)  The food was still delicious, and very affordable. We were just disappointed in the service for a large group.   All in all, this is a great lunch spot, with consistent and delicious food. Just don't bring a big group.

1 38 I hate dealing with this location, they're slow as hell and rude. Every time I place a call for a pickup there's always a 3+ hour wait for pickup and when you go into the actual location for a sit down dinner you'll spend 3 hours waiting to be seated and for your food to arrive. Also note the staff isn't as knowledgeable about the menu as some of the other locations so you may find yourself telling them about things on the menu.  I questioned them about this long wait and was told it's because they're the only location on the west side....we'll the 10th St & Camelback location has been catering to the ENTIRE Central Phoenix area for years with no issues and the manager just looked at me.  Save yourself the trouble and call the 10th street & Camelback location.

1 39 Love it for the escape room but service and manners are just not up to par at all ! Yes it's a casual area to hang out but aren't we running a business here ? Couldn't even get a proper receipt for 125 dollar bill ! Manager was rude and impolite , other employees are all over the place completely unorganized . We waited 30min just to have someone get us into the escape room when they told us it's empty and ready ! I don't get that logic , don't tell us we can go in anytime and make us wait ! In another side note we brought out a little snack from "outside" after ordering drinks here and not knowing we were told to get out if we continued eating outside food ; we just ordered lattes and coffee and you tell us to get out for bringing in outside food ?? Is someone having a bad day ? We just spent over 150 dollars and you tell confused customers that we need to get out for brining I'm a little snack. Yes I understand there are policies in place but THERE IS A WAY TO IMPLEMENT POLICIES IN P

1 17 Looking for sweets somewhat different fr m your everyday we found this place a bit hidden in a small shopping center. Flavors are pretty decent, even though is a bit pricey; $3.25 for a very small child-size scoop. If you want the scoop in a cone, add $.75 and so on. The worst part for me was the customer service is definitely lacking. We were not acknowledged as we entered the small establishment, I felt like I bothered the employee by asking to try 2 different flavors and she didn't even smile once. I will not be back. 

1 40 I live in the area so I've been to this bar a few times. I like the atmosphere, but the people who work there are a bit rude. The last time I went, they added tip to my single drink order and failed to mention that they had done so after I left them cash tip at the bar - same guy who ran my card/put in the order took the cash. I didn't feel the service  merited a $3 tip for a $7 drink. Unfortunately, this wasn't the first time I've had trouble with the service here.

1 41 So we stopped in for a late lunch 3:30 and the staff is not very friendly did not give a receipt for our meals we ordered separately . The food is fine spicy chicken was good . But when I go to the bathroom and see they haven't cleaned all day that's just wrong! Don't put up a clean schedule if your not going to do it. Went back to the table and this couple rolls up , leaves there lite cigarette right by the door on the window . Very classy move if I say so my self . I'm thinking  it was the owner or the manager because the couple and their child walk around behind the counters and proceed to take money out of the registers . And than pack their stuff and leave . So if your concerned with hygiene and cleanliness I would pass this place up . 

0 42 The latest inspection from the Allegheny County Health Department (ACHD) turned up some food safety problems. The inspection in April 2015 turned up violations in several areas:  Cross-contamination prevention Cleaning and sanitization Handwashing facilities Pest management Toxic items Contamination Prevention - Food, Utensils and Equipment Walls & ceilings  Read the inspection reports on Everyday Noodles at http://webapps.achd.net/Restaurant/RestaurantDetail.aspx?ID=201302080011

1 43 Wanted to try a new place for Pho Thai and found this on yelp. Ordered the Pho Thai, Spring Rolls and a strawberry banana shake. The food is good but the service is lacking. Has to ask 2x for drinks to be refilled and also request our check. Very quiet place, not many customers. The food is good just not sure how long they will be around.  They are currently providing a 50% discount on all food items. I asked if this was a Friday special  the response was no we are doing this for the next 2weeks. Thought it was a little weird? May go back just for the value!

1 44 Service is not consistent. First time we went, service was acceptable and food was great. Second time was 7:30pm on a Thursday. We walked in and it took a full 2 minutes for the hostess to finish her conversation of gossip with a waitress before even acknowledging us. Then proceeds to tell my husband and I the wait is 35 minutes.   That kind of wait at 7:30 on a Thursday tells me they are not efficient. Not sure if I will return

1 45 Service was poor and they blamed it on the bartender that had just quit  No wonder the food was poor - a bartender cooks it  Salad was ok  The Keg is better  Management doesnt care about any complaints  Go elsewhere please.....the arrogance is so inappropriate  I think bartenders are the cooks

0 21 CAN'T BELIEVE IT!  So we are regulars here.  Everybody knows us and our family.  I had just given my daughter her allowance an hour before we patronized Four Peaks for dinner.  When we got home, my daughter was freaking out because she lost her $40.  Fast forward two days ( our average time between visits...  Lol).  My wife and I stopped in for an appy and a beer without the chicklets.  One of the servers approached me and asked if we lost some money last time we were in.  I said yep...  $40.  The manager on duty Patrick Murphy had found it in our booth and held it for us.  Patrick, thank you!  I would say my daughter owes you a beer, but she's 15 so I'll buy one for you.  You are a stand up guy.  Four Peaks is lucky to have you on board.  Thanks again... 

1 46 During the weekend, please try to arrive before 11 AM to avoid long line ups, other than that their dim sum food items are recommended. The waiters/waitresses are kind, attentive and speak decent English. This place doesn't have the usual carts going around the restaurant looking for potential victims, I mean customers who would like food items in their cart. It is just filling in the paper order, handing it over to staff, and the agony of waiting and guessing of which food you ordered comes first. The food items we ordered were:  -Lo mai gai, steamed sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaf (sticky rice, chinese sausage, abalone sauce, and a quarter size egg yolk) -Shumai, steamed pork, and mushroom with shrimp on top (Use chilli oil for flavour and heat) -Jiaozi, pan fried version of dumplings (It's fried, and the dumpling wrap is a little on thick side which is common, it ain't wonton style) -Schezuan eggplant with fried pork rice vermicelli (You will like it because it's schezuan, but you

1 47 This place deserves 0 stars. DO NOT EAT HERE! What a horrible experience my mom and I had last night. We ordered 3 taco combos for dinner. When we went to pick it up. They had given our order to another lady. They explained what had happened and said fresh tacos were being made right away. Which is 100% alright. Mistakes happen, understandable. UNTIL the women who got our order came back for her correct food. They gave her her order and proceeded to hand us the bag of cold taco combos this women had just returned... You gave a person our order. They went home, opened the food up. Noticed it was wrong. And returned it. What makes you think ANY person would want to pay and eat returned food. We got a refund and found dinner else where. I'm disgusted with the way this establishment handles business. I have a strong urge to report this to the Health Department.

1 48 I wish I could give 0 stars.  Came back for happy hour again and this time the service was god awful! Someone sent me a "compliment" saying the pull their tips together bunny I'm a server and I know how that works but you'd think 3 servers and 2 hostesses would be able to get me water without having to wait 10 mins bf the another 20 before I ever see the server again. NEVER COMING BACK! 

1 49 3 girls were working behind the counter where i was waiting to have my order taken.  1 was busy fulfilling an order, and the other 2 were having a nice time chit-chatting with each other.  After waiting for almost 5 minutes,  i left.

1 50 I really had to make a yelp account just to tell this. This particular branch has a special spot with my sentiments as I went here alot, but tonight's shift served me uncooked chicken with my Bacon club toaster. I called and I really appreciated the manager taking the time to look up my order and have me make a new one. I guess I could understand that they were busy, but I try to figure out how the staff could've missed this. I'm sure whoever messed up was dealt with and I wish him the best.  No receipt was given either.

1 37 When you drive up to this place, no amount of four and five star reviews can dispel the innate dread that is uniquely conjured up when you're visiting one of the seediest-of-the-seedy-looking Phoenix strip malls. You know the ones, bleached out by the sun, faux-gold-trimmed red letters blaring at you. The instinctive feeling that there is no way you're going to make it from your car to the door without being asked to loan a few dollars to a guy down on his luck but somehow inexplicably blessed with a handgun down his waistband.  Then you walk in. And it's like you're in a dainty Asian bistro in Scottsdale. Except there's one big screen TV and it's tuned to CMT. Ha ha, you smugly think to yourself - there's no way a TV would be tuned to CMT in Scottsdale! But then you are just taken with how lovely the place is. But WTF? Do you seat yourself? Two Asian women dressed as servers are fliitting about, but don't seem to see you (as it turns out, this is an unfortunate recurring theme here).  

1 43 I don't even want to give one star but you can't post if you don't mark anything so against my better judgement, one star, under protest, it will be.  I have to say I will NEVER go back to this place again!!!! I don't know if management has changed but I can tell you that the service here has been continuously declining over the past year and TONIGHT was the W-O-R-S-T!!!! They definitely need to have 2 people behind the sushi bar because the one person thing just doesn't cut it. Even when the place is almost empty, it takes FOREVER to get your sushi.   We've lived in Goodyear now for almost 7 yrs, meaning when we first moved to this side of the valley there were no restaurants, especially sushi places until the last 3 yrs maybe. When this place first opened we were so excited because it was much closer to home, at the time the service was excellent and fast, and the quality and quantity was worth the price. Forget that! You'd be better off going to the grocery store and buying their su 

1 47 i love the food here!very expensive,the service is very slow,only one food server,i really dont like to wait around for 40 minutes for food when i work all day without lunch plus i have to pay a food that expensive!not worth of my time,lots of restaurant out there folks who will care for good customer service! 

1 48 The pizza is okay, it's an okay place to stop if you are in a hurry and want some pizza. However, there are much better options if you are setting out for the night with the intent to eat pizza. Prices are high for what you get and the service is much to be desired. Usually the girl running the counter acts like there are much better places she would rather be. So on that note, there are much better pizza places I would like to be at than here. 

1 1 39 Love it for the escape room but service and manners are just not up to par at all ! Yes it's a casual area to hang out but aren't we running a business here ? Couldn't even get a proper receipt for 125 dollar bill ! Manager was rude and impolite , other employees are all over the place completely unorganized . We waited 30min just to have someone get us into the escape room when they told us it's empty and ready ! I don't get that logic , don't tell us we can go in anytime and make us wait ! In another side note we brought out a little snack from "outside" after ordering drinks here and not knowing we were told to get out if we continued eating outside food ; we just ordered lattes and coffee and you tell us to get out for bringing in outside food ?? Is someone having a bad day ? We just spent over 150 dollars and you tell confused customers that we need to get out for brining I'm a little snack. Yes I understand there are policies in place but THERE IS A WAY TO IMPLEMENT POLICIES IN P

1 1 12 If your Open sign is on, it's twenty minutes until your posted closing time, and all the lights are on, don't look at me like I'm an idiot for wanting to place an order. (The floors were already wet and they'd been in the process of closing for awhile judging by the bleach smell.)   Seriously, I wonder if the manager knows about shutting down a full half hour before closing.


 ###### Service  positive ######
1 2 Really good place with simple decor, amazing food and great hospitality. Very impressed with the lunch portion. Although service took little extra time but I have no complaints since they are quite new in business. The green curry chicken was good and to the right spice balance I asked for. I will definitely recommend this place to others. 

1 21 I've been going to Bihlu and Kusums restaurant for over 25 years. The original location was at about 52nd McDowell(it was a treat after squaw peak hike with da)( but they have been at the current location for probably the last 20 years. They have a good mix of North Indian and South Indian food. Masala dosas have always been one of my favorites things to get. The vegies and sambar are always fresh as well. The title may not say it here but they are just as famous for all the amazing sweets they make as well. Indians from all over town order it by the tray but if you arent sure what you want to order ask them to sample it. Jalebi barfi and laddu are some of my go to's. I'm an american born and raised indian so I'm suggesting some of the more tame whitewashed options. The service is quick and the staff is always attentive. You'll see an crowd of ASU kids definitely during cricket matches but they also have indian music videos playing throughout the day. Before I forget my favorite thing  

1 24 This is a very cozy and cute australian cafe where the owner serves toasts with vegemite (YUM!) and flat whites and a whole assortment of other deliciousness! The atmosphere is very relaxed and quiet.  The owner is ready to tell you about his experience of living in Australia and other great stories.  Definitely love this place! 

1 1 que restaurante tan padre we had tacos al pastor tacos rosarito chicharrón de queso and a quesadilla de hongos which was really a sincronizada all was excellent  great ambiance and good service good mezcal the only thing i did not like was my cocktail  it was not terrible but it was not great so i moved on to straight liquor oh good music playing as well 

1 32 I recently answered a job offer on Craigslist which stated "In the chaos of unpacked boxes you orchestrate a home masterpiece!" which I quickly answered and got.  Basically I curated this woman's art, sacred objects and artifacts collection and needless to say it was a very memorable week working in what you can imagine to be a very eclectic home.  When the job finished my client invited the crew and I to a celebration dinner which brought us to a restaurant in Inglewood on 9th avenue S.E. called Sugo Caffe Italia.  Just sitting outside Sugo I felt underdressed and so did my co-workers but our appetites and curiosity managed to find our way into the restaurant where our reservation of 6 was warmly greeted by the staff.  The decor in this restaurant is exquisite, simple and clean with accents of contemporary earthy art pieces on warm muted walls.  Jarred tomatoes and jams are illuminated upwards with mini lights shining brightly from beneath them and antique chandeliers hang above dripp 

1 33 I love coming here because it's always a very inviting atmosphere. A bartender at the Bellagio suggested I try this place if I was looking for amazing Hawaiian food. Him being a Hawaii native, I took his word and decided to try it out.   Russell and Gina are one of the nicest couples you will ever meet. Russell comes over and greets you with some boiled peanuts which are so addicting. We always order the combo and fried rice omelet which tastes amazing. My most recent trip my combo plate was a little too salty, but I didn't want to speak up. I'm so happy for them that they expanded into the space next door vs how small their place was when I first started going there. Best hospitality in town you feel like you're practically family!! 

1 34 Wonderful restaurant.  Service was the best we have had in recent memory.  Michael was exceptional, friendly, talkative.  Definitely had a passion for what the chef creates.  Just about perfect.    As for the food, pretty darn good.  I had the Scottish salmon and at first thought it looked a bit small but it was just the right amount of perfect.  Super succulent with an excellent quinoa radish and edamame mix.  I was actually sort of surprised by how good it was.  Went with the advice of the waiter and couldn't be happier.  The lady had the chicken which was probably the best preparation I have had.  Super moist, served on an awesome bacon stuffing....could have eaten a bowl of stuffing all on its own.  Since it was her birthday we had the s'mores.  Which the house comped; a total surprise and it really just rounded the night out to perfection. 

1 35 Awesome ambiance, and great staff. Food was pretty good, too.   Had the brown bag chicken sandwich (good), and the fried okra (good). Also had the bacon cheeseburger and mac & cheese (both pretty good). Couples next to us ordered a sampler platter of some sort with shrimp - they both raved about it, as well as the custom style drinks.  $5 for a small(er) pitcher of good beers on Sundays - great deal. Lots of unique drinks, worth a try. Servers would awesome with recommendations and making their unique drinks. 

0 37 Stopped by because we saw that the patio had a good amount of people so we wanted to see what was causing the crowd. We we're visiting from California and wanted to try out some AZ brews.   Happy to report that we were satisfied with our choices the night we came in. We also ordered the brussels and bacon pizza. Definitely not your tradition pizza toppings but it was delicious.   Will be back again when we're back in town. 

0 38 Spicy ninja roll is the only reason why I keep coming here. The happy hour pricing and the lunch portions and pricing are a bargain. Service sometimes lacks but the food is good 

1 46 The breakfast menu is complete and the items are good. Lunch and dinner is over the top. All items from the sandwiches to the main entres are great. There is great care in creating these recipes and menu items. They make a new demiglaze every night. The Caprese Salad is great to share. The musels are served a couple diferent ways and both are great. The Pasta Giovani hits many different cravings. I usually have them provide the food for my birthday dinners. No matter how much food they cater, there never seem to be any left overs. Just as important as the food is the personal service. From the owners to the chefs to the servers, everyone here treats us like family. Lastly, if you like Bloody Marry's, they have a very complete Craft your own Bloody Marry Bar. 

1 2 Pittsburgh has many excellent restaurants, and Sunday brunch at Casbah is well worth adding to your culinary "bucket list". Everyone in our party of four chose the prix fixe brunch at $28, which included a brunch cocktail, an appetizer and a main course. Preparation and creativity was wonderful, which meant that standard brunch choices such as a smoked salmon appetizer or a tomato and basil bisque were standouts. The same can be said of entrees, such as the Casbah Benedict, the braised lamb and eggs, or the other egg dishes tried by our group. Service was professional and the experience was special.

1 49 My favorite new pho! In town. My family eats like crazy and I went to them to this place 30 minutes before it closed:/ I hate doing that but that's how my mom rolls. Anyways everything was so fresh. Pho 1 and Kim long have more reviews but this was better and a lot more fresh. Service was great! They packed all our food and were very kind. Oxtail soup and peanut sauce soup were my favorite! It's a plus it's close to my house and the pho is the best!! 

0 3 My introduction as a youth (dating back AWAYS) to gourmet and class.  15 years later, still delivers the goods.  Cheers! 

1 4 Absolutely FANTASTIC!!!! The service was a+++!!! The girl at the counter was so nice and so informative. We got the feta app with cucumbers (OUTSTANDING), I got the Greek salad (small) wth gyro meat, my husband got he rice bowl with double chicken and said it was incredible. We happened to be in the Henderson area, and pulled up yelp for a lunch spot, SO GLAD we did! So yummy, super clean, and excellent service. What more could you ask for?!  And we found out they just opened a location right near our house on Blue Diamond!! So naturally we went there the next day, LOL!

1 5 Location: located in the Albertson next to a vapor store. Plenty of parking space.   Decor: nothing special. But clean and their service is great. If you do not like your drinks, you can exchange it with no question asked. That's great customer service especially if you pay $6 for a drink.   Drinks: their specialty is Fresh Brewed Tea. However, they also have smoothies and coffee too. Their smoothies are not from fresh fruit so do 't expect healthy fruit drinks. The coffe is OK, not strong enough for me. My favorite drink here is the Jasmine Latte. I love how you can customize the sweetness, or add any toppings.   Price is expensive for tea drinks. But you get what you pay for: freshness, great taste tea and service.   Will be back and for that I give this place 4 stars!

1 31 So I thought I would make Lahaina Grill my FIRST review even though I've been a Yelp member for a while and eaten at many places. Upon entrance of Lahaina I was very impressed with the atmosphere  its very nice and laid back for a sushi place but I was really taken away by the fact that it has a full service bar with gambling. Its not an AYCE sushi place anymore but their ridiculous happy hour make up for that. My g/f and I thought the calamari and sushi was bomb. The service was good and we will definitely be coming back here again. 

1 6 Normally I wouldn't write a review on a sandwich shop but the group of people working here deserve recognition. Always friendly, clean and consistent. Some of the best sandwiches I've had and they got eegees which is a plus!

1 7 Wow!  Decided to check this place out tonight.  It was popping!!! Drinks looking great. Bartenders were hustling and killing it.  Servers were professional looking and great , speedy service.  The food ?!! Wow!!!! Even the managers were walking around making sure all was well and one stopped too say hi and he was very nice.  I will be back.  Great job!!

1 9 I highly recommend coming here ONLY during the lunch buffet. It is a pretty good value and always delicious. Fresh naan is served upon arrival and the buffet always offers some type of chicken curry or masala and tandoori chicken,palak paneer, veggie curries, salad, sometimes goat curry and a few other options. It also has Chai, but it isn't good. I don't recommend coming for dinner. The menu is a la carte and a bit pricey for what you get. The portion sizes are very small and you don't get any rice or naan. We ordered a goat curry dish and chicken curry dish and there was only about 5-6 pieces of meat in the dish servings. They ran about $13-15 too! We expected a lot more for that price. I think rice and/or naan should come standard with dishes here (especially in that price range). The service is always spectacular and super friendly.

1 6 Service was ok. The place was clean. We ordered each item off the dim sum menu and honestly, the only thing I really like was the soup dumpling. 

1 11 Came in today around 4:50 pm and theres was 2 guys here, the taller one served me and he was SOOOOO nice! both guys are nice.. the tall guy just had great customer service. please let those guys get acknowledged for their customer service. the shorter one greeted me as soon as i came in and the taller one was super nice and talkative. they both washed their hands and the place is very clean. perfect place to eat.

1 12 My favorite brew tea great friendly service and always ask if you want to make adjustments if it's not right.

1 13 We got a ton of bundtinis in addition to a small cake for our wedding. They were perfect. The guests loved them (one ate 5, at last count) and they really fit what we were looking for. Plus, we had them delivered and Jim was very patient with us and our wedding site when there was no one there to receive him/them. Plus, the delivery charge was more than reasonable. Great business, great employees, easy decision.

1 14 Love this location, super friendly staff. Very courteous and accommodating. Clean and quiet. Love those onion rings and all day breakfast!

1 15 This is my go-to DD. I always get great service and great coffee. The staff is always in a great mood and it makes for a great start to my day.

1 16 I stopped in here tonight for some buzz to keep me awake after a grueling hike today.  The staff was friendly and I was on my way quickly.  Yet another location crossed off my list of Starbucks left to visit.

1 17 Love this new location! Has all the charm of the NODA location, just a lot more spacious with lots of seating and a nice long bar. There are three (I think) lines. If you're ordering dessert, make sure you get in the line closest to the pastries. All the servers were super friendly and smiley. Even though it was crowded, our order came out quickly. I've only been to this new location once but I had a great experience. Great addition to Uptown.

1 14 Delicious food, good service, pleasant ambiance. Good vegetarian options. Cons: very loud, very busy. 

1 18 My sister, my brother in law and i went here last night and it was wonderful!  Pete our server was terrific!  He was fast, nice and had an awesome margarita suggestion!  Only issue we ran into was that the fajitas where a little salty and my jalapeno mashed potatoes didn't have the cheese melted on it but everything else was delish!! Totally coming back and hope we get Pete again, that guy is the bee's knees plus his beard would make any man jealous :) 

1 18 I'm happy to see that Port Of Subs pays attention to online reviews. My previous issues have been addressed and changes have been made accordingly. I've had several recent visits that have been awesome. Thanks guys!

1 20 We've eaten years 3 times: the first shortly after opening was great, then not-so-good last fall, and recently last week. Our latest visit was EXCELLENT!!!.  We ate at Delmonico and Gordon Ramsey last week and both were lacking compared to Beso.    Our steaks at Beso were the tenderest and best flavored by far.  The service and ambiance were outstanding!   Thanks again Beso!

1 21 Finally tried this bakery which has been on my list for quite some time during the Lawrenceville Cookie Tour.  I'm giving it 4 vs. 5 stars because with all the hype and praise, I thought it would have more selections.  It's a rather small bakery with a small selection.  Mind you, what they do have and what I tried was very good; I was just expecting more.  I had a chocolate éclair and some almond concoction.  Both were excellent.  Staff is friendly, helpful, and efficient so if there's a line; be patient.  It goes fast and is worth the wait.

1 23 Great Service. The food was good. The lasagna was a little too spicy for me. I want to try their pizza next. Parking was crazy and long wait times are negative factors. 

1 24 Favorite coffee shop in Bay Street Corridor.  I am definitely a regular at this coffee shop (if not daily).   There are three floors of seating, with a mix of sofas and tables. Given the convenience, affordability and quality of the coffee shop, Jimmy's is definitely a favourite amongst a lot of the health professionals and students within the area.   Coffee is fresh, with a fragrant aroma and no staleness.   The service is also phenomenal. All the baristas are adorably friendly and caring.   The downside to this coffee shop is that it is sometimes really difficult to find seats, especially in the early afternoon. Just goes to show how popular the place is!

1 25 I came here with a group of people and the service was superb.   I got the Grilled Jamaican Jerk Chicken and the meal comes with a side of vegetables and sweet potato and topped off with plantain chips.  The food was decent...I can't complain.  Maybe it was something that I am not accustomed to eating, but still well prepared.    I do love the service here.  Red was awesome and was very curteous to our party.

1 26 I got the flight of beers. I really liked 4, less than liked one but all and all it was a success. My favorite was definitely the pumpkin, not so much of a pumpkin flavor but more of a spice :) service was quick and nice!

1 27 Rami, absolutely gorgeous girl with the blue hair running the cash register totally made my night. She was used to the E-sports center but was at the register today, and let me tell you, it was stressful but she handled it with ease. She kept conversation and was mindful of my birthday and Groupon promotions and honored both. She was just a great conversationalist and honestly should be in management for how she handles situations. Definitely would want her on board with my business, that's for sure. Also, Manager Troy was more than accommodating with everything throughout the evening. He made sure my girls left with an even amount of prizes. Bless his heart, because that would not be a fun car ride home.   There were a few games out of order, and I mentioned it to the front and they sent attendants out to fix the issue in no time. Excellent customer service.   Tyler, at the bar, thank you for your understanding and outstanding customer service. My friend had ordered a whiskey smash, b

0 28 I love my home base Starbucks in Centennial Hills.... 

1 29 have gone here for years  good and fast  friendly staff 

1 30 We ordered the spicy and house ramen and the grilled calamari when went there for dinner. I thought the spicy ramen was very good. I got the level 1 spicy. I thought the broth was nice and balanced. The pork was tender and the egg was perfectly cooked. I know it's a sin to say that but I wasn't the biggest fan of the dried baby shrimp on top. I could do without them in general. They remind me of fish food. My wife got the house ramen and  really liked it. The noodles were tender and the broth was hearty, and right amount of salt.  Didn't enjoy the calamari. Mainly maybe because it was served a while after we got our ramen and we were almost full by then.   Service was very good and friendly.

1 32 Came here last Friday night & had the best service ever here. We waited only a short while (it helped we made a reservation). We ordered the fried calamari, filet mignon, NY strip steak & for dessert NY cheesecake. Our steaks were cooked perfectly. And I loved my baked sweet potato side & broccoli too. So fresh.   But the best part of it was the exceptional service we got from Moose. He gave us very personable & almost undivided attention, even in a busy restaurant (NFR was in town so place was super busy). Such great attitude & professionalism. I certainly hope he gets recognized for his service & that we have hun again as our server.

1 34 One of the must hit places in dt K-town (bloor and christie)! Have been coming here since middle school and their walnut cakes are always served fresh! Walnut cakes come in 3 traditional flavours: red-bean, mashed potato with walnut, and mashed potato with almonds. You can ask the server to separate and mark the flavours if you are buying assorted. Fairly fast service with friendly servers that can speak fluent English. The owners should seriously consider expanding its store operations.

1 35 This is my first time at not only Yogurtland, but this type of place where you get your own Yogurt from a machine! At first I was intimidated but my friend helped me through the process of creating my own frozen yogurt treat. The best way to not be shuffled along a line is to just go right for the flavor you want; why be held up behind a person who is getting Vanilla when Peanut Butter (my current favorite) is all the way near the end? Just go get it! Don't wait! But be polite if you're squeezing in between someone!!  The flavors rotate everyday - you never know what will pop up unless you go to the http://www.yogurt-land.com/ website to view all their flavors and hope they have the one you want to try when you arrive *lol*! The toppings at the end of the station usually change but not as much as the frozen yogurts! The staff is great to chat with, the atmosphere is great also - it's always busy with college kids and families, and I love it because they're open so late on the weekends!

1 37 First thought was this market is becoming saturated with AYCE sushi shops.   This place was above the rest the presentation was pleasant and the manager or owner came around and was very nice he asked how we came across his restaurant and was very welcoming. Which was on par with the rest of the service staff.   The food was plates nicely and was in good portions. I have found that some other AYCE places make their maki rolls smaller than regular, that's not the case here. I didn't feel they were trying to cheap out on their AYCE orders. Although we weren't given an option for a regular menu I would imagine you don't have to do AYCE if you don't want too. But at $19 it's a good value since other in the area go up to $22.   Well worth the money, the portions were good, the food was fresh, the atmosphere was casual but somewhat eloquent, and the service was very friendly and pretty quick.  The only thing was I would have at least seen a regular menu.

1 38 Wedge salad 5*  Steak skewers 5* (although I would've liked more than a spoonful of papaya salad)  Spaghetti O's 4*   Tapioca dessert 2*  Great ambiance and service in the dining room and lounge.

1 39 This is just the kind of tavern/pub/bar that Bloor Street needs.  As others have stated, the decor is quite classy without seeming cheesy. The little patio over Bloor looks great as well. Overall, a great ambiance in here.  I had the double hamburger, and it was sublime. The beef was tender and juicy and all the topics were top quality. You pay a few dollars more per main here than at one of the chain pubs, but it's still great value. Generous portion sizes and lots of fries too!  There's a good selection of beer, and it looks like some mean cocktails as well.  The service was excellent, and I was quite impressed with this tavern.

1 40 Absolutely love this place ! Every time my husband and I come in, we're always greeted by our first names. My husband and I order the same everything every time and if one of the employees makes a mistake, they always fix it before giving us our orders. The owner is so nice. His name is Sou and he has great customer service along with Jesalyn? I'm sooooo sorry if I got the name wrong but she always says hi to me and doesn't even have to ask for our order. You guys are amazing and keep up the good work

1 41 Best vietnamese ever. Outstanding service. Owners even remember their regular customers names.

1 42 We met up with some friends here last Friday for lunch and this new spot lives up to its name:  Thailicious!  The lunch specials are fabulous!  I had the $6.99 Chicken Pad Thai because I always have to try Pad Thai when I go to a new Thai spot.  The portion was very generous for a lunch special and I had leftovers to take home.  The restaurant is nice and bright and the service was fantastic.  I'd definitely come back for more and extra points for being close to my workplace.

1 43 This place really surprised me! I was shocked at the amount of food you get with the lunch special being that it was only $13. I got the sushi bento box which included miso soup, ginger salad, 2 small gyoza, 3 small pieces of sashimi, 3 small nigiri, 3 California roll, 4 pieces of fried tofu (or tempura). It all tasted so good too! I'll definitely come back here for lunch. My only worry is that the sashimi and nigiri is way too small. I understand of its just for the lunch special, but if I order an al a carte sashimi it better be bigger! Overall great special and great service too.

1 44 I had a Groupon and went for dinner with my boyfriend last night.  This place is amazing!  We started off with the tapas sampler, and everything on it was great.  We also ordered bacon wrapped dates stuffed with chorizo, which just melted in my mouth.  For our entree, we shared a fried chicken dish--very good and actually not too heavy.  And if course, since it's a Cuban restaurant, I had mojitos.  They were delicious, and very authentic--no Bacardi!  In addition to the great food, the service was fast and friendly.  We will definitely be going back soon!

1 45 Best happy hour near me!! I come here all the time and usually get a beer, a large hot sake and the 777 roll. The rolls are always on point but the appetizers are hit or miss. I've learned to avoid the tuna poke and seaweed salad. The poke tuna is always gray, off-colored and squishy, like they just barely defrosted it and threw it into a bowl. The seaweed salad is always dry so I've stopped ordering it. BUT I still love this place and the service is amazing!! Probably gonna come here for lunch today to be honest haha. Love you guys!!!!

1 46 Its good enough for me for last minute nibble. Many tables, smile service. Many choices. Fast.

1 47 Very nice.   This place rocks.  Great soup.   Spring rolls    Pho GA      was fabulous.  It's authentic with great service.    Love it.

1 49 LOVE this Starbucks! Joey and TJ are the best baristas! Joey has my drink ready for me before I even place my order!

1 50 VERY VERY good. I love this place. I was a virgin until this week. Great creative sandwiches and friendly staff. I had the the Bear Hug. It was amazing! 

1 15 Look at the many many comments posted, this place is great, Ive been coming to this place for years, affordable and always a pleasant experience 

1 24 Alright so this doesn't actually deserve 4/5 stars but let's be real, there aren't many dim sum options around Charlotte and compared to the other places, I think this one is the best.   If you have had dim sum in NY or Cali, please don't compare it to dim sum here because it's not on the same level; however, it's not bad! They have your regular dim sum options that are reasonably priced. Their tea is pretty pricey though and we were charged about $6 for chrysanthemum tea.   All in all, come try this place out! Service is authentic- lol, but it's worth a shot. 

1 28 Had a great time here at Gillys. If you arenhungry they got BBQ. If your thirsty, they got you covered with everything your chaps wearing heart desires. For $10 you can channel your inner cowboy and ride the bull. Buckle Bunnys too are allowed to ride and honestly alot better to look at than us cowboys. Im not a big fan of country music to be honest but the lively selections they were playing live last night were A-OK with me.   I will definitely be back. 

1 42 Currently obsessed with buying bundletts for every occasion! Birthdays, events, catching up with old friends, you name it! Since they're already made its a pretty easy stop and ordering takes seconds! Definitely recommend you stopping by and checking them out 


