 ###### Price  negative ######
0 1 I ordered a lap top battery from the site and you got a 10% discount to pick up in store. Then I get a call. They don't have the battery and need to look for it. Then I get a call the battery is nowhere in the universe for some reason and they offered my money back. My question is WHY IN THE HELL DO YOU OFFER IT ON THE SITE IF YOU DO NOT HAVE THE BATTERY? What a waste of time.

1 3 It's been a little hit and miss with this store's employees, but today was a good day.  I've been trying to find an Android phone and my first inclination was to go to T-Mobile since I already had a no-contract phone with them. I wandered into the store last week and talked to a gentleman there who tried to sell me the $79.99 plan (right now, my plan is $39.99.) I didn't want to double my plan just to get some interwebs, so I left.  After a little more research, I found out that T-Mobile actually has cheaper interwebs plans for no-contract phones, which this guy totally neglected to tell me about. He was pretty adamant about getting me into a contract so I could get the $99 price for a phone I was looking at (which, by the way, is FREE if you order online!)   So, I came into the store this morning as soon as it opened and was greeted by Cynthia, who is the absolute coolest cell phone salesperson I have ever met. She asked what I wanted, I told her, she found it, and she added my $10 da

0 13 I came to Magic Tailor for alterations on two cheap suits. That includes jacket sleeve shortening, pant hemming, and having the waist taken in on the pants from a 30 to about a 29/28. No judgement was cast for paying more than the suits worth for adjustments and it was done on time exactly as we agreed on, and on time to meet my deadline. As a general tip, before you goto a tailor, do some research and decide ahead of time on the extent of the adjustments you want and be sure to communicate that to the tailor instead of taking their suggestions as gospel. I ended up with a jacket sleeve that had no dress shirt showing, too long in my opinion. I'm not sure how that happened since they measured it right on me and I agreed to where they pinned it. I didn't complain because I had to catch a flight the following morning. In the end, I think it was my fault for not communicating that I wanted a half-inch of dress shirt showing, but I thought that was universally agreed on so i just assumed h 

1 5 Not just a foot massage!  Their regular price is $30 for 1 hour, but they have a grand opening special which is a discounted price ($6 dollars off).  Your massage will be in a communal room with at least 3 other people, with dim lighting and your typical relaxing spa music.  I don't think you really get a choice in your massage therapist unless you specifically request a gender (When we went there were 2 women and 2 men available to give massages).  Massage here will be more like a full body massage with more emphasis on foot reflexology.  The massage therapist I had used more deep tissue pressure which was fine with me, with some range of motion techniques to stretch the muscles.  (For those that are not deep tissue type of people, they ask to make sure the pressure is OK for you).  The massage was the right amount of pressure for me, and for less than $30 an hour, I will definitely be coming back here for more massages, even when the regular price is in effect.  P.S.  Be sure to wear

0 6 Please please have another location in Gilbert area sometimes soon. As much as I love getting pampered here, driving 40mins from Queen Creek to Tempe for a session is kinda holding me back a little.   The last time I was here, I wasn't offered 10% because I was not a first time customer, but that's ok... The prices are too good to be true already, but I'm surprised of how they request minimum tip, and I didn't see it when they first opened the business. But again, doesn't matter because I usually ended up tip them 30% or more.   I filled out a form indicating how firm I wanted the massage to be, then got lead to the back room where my female massage therapist was waiting. She started from the head, then went down to neck, back, arms, legs, and finally feet. In the feet part, I felt so good that I dozed off for 5mins and woke up feeling so sad (as I didn't get to experience the massage).   When you can doze off in a massage, it means the massage therapist does a good job. I love this pl

1 24 Torn.  1-2 stars for the grounds & amenities.  3-4 stars for prices, staff & the service I got.  I'll go with 3.  In general, Spa Lamar feels very run down. Very sad. It is not like larger hotel spas in the area so don't come in with that expectation.  All spa areas are co-ed, so you gotta keep your clothes on.  No food on-site, but they ordered Jason's Deli for us and had it delivered. No booze either, and we didn't bring our own. Shucks.  Pool wasn't working and it was 105 out. No lounge chairs, just wooden chairs, so do not come here to lay out until that problem is fixed.   Massage was good - can't believe how quick 85 minutes go. The prices are higher than a chain like Massage Envy, but much more reasonable than a big hotel spa for instance.  In summary: Don't come here to take advantage of the amenties (there are few). Come for the treatments and bounce.

1 11 $250 for a zipper to be put on my dress... That was my quote.   I am shocked. :(   I am finding out that of you throw the word "Wedding" in any sentence, the price sky rockets!

1 12 WORST AC COMPANY IN THE WHOLE VALLEY!  Prices are sky high!  do not use this company!  They will tell you something is wrong when there isn't!  Much more affordable and better AC companies out there.

1 14 WOW. This is an amazing Shoppers Drug Mart!!!  Their cosmetics section has an amazing variety of high-end cosmetics - Smashbox, Bourjois, Shiseido, Anna Sui, Benefit, Lancome, Lise Watier, Pur Minerals, Clarins, and get this.....URBAN DECAY. I didn't even know that Urban Decay was available at Shoppers before visiting this store! And possibly the most incredible things was that they were so well stocked that I could find about EIGHT NAKED PALETTES at this store. That's right....so when even Sephora locations don't carry something that you want/need, come visit this SDM location. The saleslady even told me that this was the sold the highest volume of cosmetics of any SDM!  The salesgirls/MUAs are extremely friendly and professional - they'll give you recommendations if you're looking for them but will also give you space to browse alone if you don't want to be bothered.   The only thing that I don't like about SDM is that their prices are somewhat more expensive than say a Walmart.....b

1 16 This is a hard review for me to write because this dental group has been good to me in the past. My previous visit has been for some emergency work and a cleaning. The group worked well with me on being able to pay the cost of the emergency visit. I am a graduate student and my insurance sucks. There is no dental. Everything I paid for came out of my pocket. The second visit was for a cleaning and it was fine.   I had made the appointment for 1pm, but when I arrived I was told that the appointment was for 1:30pm. I am sure it was 1pm, but no harm no foul. I accept that I could have been wrong. I was told that since it had been more than a year since my previous visit I had to see the doctor. I asked if this was an extra charge because my finances are tight. I was told no. I was offered a fluoride treatment for an additional $20 which I declined.   I was taken back for x-rays which prompted me again to ask if there was a charge for x-rays. I was told there was no extra charge. I see the

1 18 Found this place on trusty Yelp and was thoroughly surprised.   First off I was trying to find a place that wasn't fully booked as I was trying to get a last minute eye exam since I ran out of contacts.   Called this place around 230 and they had a opening at 430.  Had to call them because I couldn't find the place since it was located in Sams club. No need for a membership.   The receptionist was friendly and helpful and after I filled out the appropriate paperwork I went in to get my eye examed.   I've had many eye exams before but this place seemed really thorough and tested for everything. Even my depth perception and peripherals.   The optometrist was very helpful and fave me a bunch of samples for eye solution and contacts.   He gave some samples for ciba vision dailies total 1. These rock but at a dollar per contact for daily lenses out of my budget. By far the most comfortable contacts I have ever tried.  He told me that price would probably drop after about a year so I'll be w

1 21 I've taken a few items in the past to Studio Kim for simple alterations - a hem here, a strap adjustment there. I find it incredibly overpriced and slow, but living in close proximity has been a tempting aspect.   I recently took a Calvin Klein winter coat for repairs. Having been worn for about 25 years by my mother, it's still in incredibly good condition and has a timelessly classic shape. There was a small hole where a seam had come apart at the side, and both pockets had completely bottomed out. Ever put your phone in your faulty pocket only to have it end up banging around your knees as you walk?   When the coat was returned, the seam at the side had been flawlessly refinished. However, as I put my hands in the pocket, I noticed something strange. One of the pockets had been seamed correctly. The other one had a giant, hard ridge, likely formed by a serger, which was inside out.  It's like water torture every time I put my hands in my pockets. The fact that one is fine and the ot

1 22 A great place to give my shoes resoled and the heel caps replace. Was very hard to find at first. On the 4th floor near swimwear. I had no shame asking for directions, glad I found it! Can be a bit pricey, but quality shoes will last a long time with some extra care!

1 25 My husband has a pair of big, sexy feet. It's tough to find size 13, much less 14 or 15 in most stores. It took quite a bit of convincing to suggest purchasing some expensive taste. "Trust me. You're worth it! Boom. Locking down contracts. "  The bargain room is the place to be. The rest of the showroom is quite pricey. The ladies section isn't anything special, I can name 2 stores with similar selection and better prices. The bargain ladies section is no good. Pricey for outdated styles. You'll need to scour for attractive men's shoes but there are some sweet dress shoes. Mmmm yeah tuxedos for your feet.   I heard many people being offered help from associates. During the 45 minutes of store time, visiting each section, we were not approached once. The cashier was nice but an employee offered help to the woman right next to me, she didnt need assistance, and then the employee glanced at me then proceeded to walk away. I think it's important to note that my husband was the only non whi

1 27 Fixed my sink for $183. Was fine I guess. I feel dumb when I deal with plumbing and electricity. I have no idea what they are talking about. Like talking with doctors. Bedside manner counts. Robert is a real pro. Knows his trade and craft. But I'll probably keep searching for a plumber who can break it down for me and explain it. You know? Maybe that doesn't matter but why use Yelp if you can't throw out a wish list.

0 29 So, after our last big rain - what do you know, we found a couple of termite tubes out on the back patio.  We hadn't had the house serviced since we had it treated for termites when it was built (over 13 years ago).  Anyhoo - I jumped on YELP to see if I could find a termite company to compare to our current pest control servicer (we have the house and yard sprayed for bugs every 6 months or so).  HDE had some great reviews.  I wanted to use a local company to keep more of our tax dollars in our state.   I called them up and David came out at a time convenient for us.  We already had a first quote from another termite company, so we had something to base it off of.  David provided us a quote on the spot.  He was comparable in price, but did a whole lot more explaining of what the process was and how the chemicals worked.  I worked in a termite inspection company in Calif - so I was familiar with alot - and he still wowed me with how he explained it in terms both me and my husband under 

1 31 Was worried when AHS sent this company to repair my AC but Alex came out, diagnosed my issues and replaced my condenser and repaired what needed repairing and only paid for refrigerant which I was aware of and AHS paid for the rest. Saved me thousands of dollars in having to buy a new one and at least I now have an EPA compliant AC as well.

1 32 Moon Valley, you're ridiculous. Every flyer says they do free estimates, the guy scheduling it echoed the same thing, then 5 minutes before they're scheduled to come they ask for $50 on the phone. Um... ok, I guess free means $50 in Moon Valley world.   There won't be another experience here. Even when I stopped in for the first time to buy plants they gave no instruction on how to care for them. They were just like.. "yeah ya water it..." Ok genius, thanks.   Oh and their "deals" aren't really deals at all. The bundle discounts, aren't any cheaper if you do the math. Not a fan and won't be coming back.

1 35 I just took in a coat to have its zipper fixed along with a pair of jeans that needed mending.  While replacing the coat zipper seemed pricey ($30), the jeans were cheaper than expected so it sort of worked out and they agreed to do them overnight... Next item to take in is a bride's maid's dress to be tailored.

1 38 Cannot say enough good things about Nick and his assistant, Allan!  Two years ago, my water bills suddenly jumped 5 or 6 THOUSAND gallons a month. I've had the city, two leak-finding services, a pool guy, and my regular gardener trying to figure out why for more than 700 days. I thought I had figured out where two of the leaks were, but Nick and Allan FOUND A THIRD PROBLEM WITH AN OLD IRRIGATION LINE THAT HAD SUPPOSEDLY BEEN CAPPED 12 YEARS AGO!!! In a single hour, they checked every plant in my yard for adequate water, replaced drip heads for appropriate gph levels, ran a couple new drip heads, dug out all the old ones and cleaned them, and generally made sure my days of hand-watering are done! And all this for $125!!!!! If you knew how much I wasted on all those leak-finder services .....

1 39 I've been frustrated the last week because the lock to my laundry room door was jammed. It's my entrance from the garage into my house. The knob was jammed from the outside. I work doubles so I assumed most things would be closed. I found this company on Yelp! They came in half an hour fixed my door in 5 mins! Very convenient! They charge $35 to come out. I had to replace the knob (the brand I have is more expensive) and get it rekeyed so it cost $145 total a little expensive but worth it not be aggravated and to have it fixed at 10:00 at night!

1 41 I was not very happy about this experience. I had looked it up online to see what time this location opened it said noon. We arrived around 1152am and walked in there was a few people there. We were approached by a lady and I said oh what time did you open? She said 11 am. Very nicely I said oh online it says noon and with an attitude she says we opened at 11. Like ok thanks for your attitude I'm just letting you know so that can be fixed. Then we sat down with a different girl to discuss the glasses my mom wanted and the other lady came over and whispered something into the girls ear... so rude. We ended up leaving. I would not recommend this location. They are also very over priced. 

1 42 First time using because they are the only provider by my insurance. They are located in an extremely busy strip mall next to Chuck E Cheese. Parking is very difficult. Had an early morning appointment and waited almost 45 minutes past. When I reminded them I had an appountment, they said they were very busy. I asked how many appointments were ahead of me. I was told that the walkins were ahead of. I  asked why did I  make an appointment if walkins are taken first. They dunalky brought me back for my eye exam. The doctor was very professional and good. The optical store already had ny script and after picking out frames they quoted me a price of $584 for a bifocals. Demanded my script and went to Walmart where I  got almost the same frames and lenses for $140. I can't recommend Lens Crafters because appointments mean nothing and their glasses are grossly overpriced. I would give the eye doctors 5 stars, but the whole experience was worth no stars.

1 46 *4.5 stars* My local SDM, also known as the overdraft maker.  It's a 2 storey one and full of things that find their way into my basket all too easily.  I've a terrible tendency to go in for a pack of Band-Aids and end up spending $100 on conditioner and face cream.  I sometimes think my life could be improved by getting the lifestyle experts from Slice to come live with me-mainly Gail Vaz-Oxlade and Paul Plakas/Tommy Europe.  As Vivek mentioned, they've installed an annoying swing gate on the right as you enter.  It's possible to squeeze along the side of it and continue to go right, but I'm reluctant to do that with security watching.  Instead I now have to avert my eyes as I cut through the extensive budget-ruining Beauty Boutique.  They have a great range of skin care from Dermaglow/Vichy/La Roche and Neostrata.  One of my friends recommended Kinerase and I was convinced they didn't have it until I found it next to the Strivectin etc opposite the L'Oreal make-up stand.  The medicin

1 47 Ok, let's get real: weight loss is pretty damn hard.  I had gained a lot of weight due to different factors and had finally HAD IT.  Luckily, my insurance (Teachers Health Trust) has a program that helps pay for the services at Premier Physicians Weight Loss.  I decided to try it.  Fact: even with my insurance helping, this is still an expensive journey you will embark on.  I had to pay $50 every two weeks for the visits, plus I had to buy the medication.  But, that actually kind of motivated me more because I was like, "Damn, I'm paying for this, so I better stick to it."  Let's talk about the program.  Every two weeks I saw Dr. Alana Mercer, who is really sweet and blunt and honest, and I appreciated that about her.  You weigh in on what looks like a regular scale, but it is pretty much a fortune teller.  The print out that comes out gives not only your weight, but your body fat percentage, the amount of water weight you are holding, your BMI, and how many calories you are burning at

1 48 There are several people who work here and it seems like when there is a line waiting at the ONE check out they have open by the printer cartridges, it takes a really long time before someone takes notice and opens another register.  The person at the check out does not make the effort to notify anyone of a line, the people in the copy section just hang out and chit chat with each other instead of offering to help.  Actually the only time I have seen them take someone from the line to help is when told to do so by the manager.    You would think a place would pride themselves on customer service but not here and not sure why.  Oh well, it here or Staples which actually has cheaper prices on some of the same items. 

1 43 I'm totally a shoe girl.  I love nice shoes and I don't mind dropping a ton of cash on a good quality, cute pair, but that also means I need to take care of my investments.  With the help of Belk Shoe Repair, my shoes continue to look amazing and stay in good condition.  Located on the top floor of Belk, tucked away behind the bathing suites, this shoe repair shop can be a little heard to find.  Once you get to the desk, the staff is incredibly friendly.  They know exactly what they are talking about and are happy to give you recommendations.  If you don't want to spend a lot, just tell them and they will give you a recommendation on you're next-best option for repairs.  They aren't pushy at ALL, so you won't walk out of there feeling like you just got talked into something you didn't want.  Now I must tell you, Belk Shoe Repair isn't cheap.  The price they charge for various repairs is completely appropriate for the good quality work.  Bonus: they are on the Belk transaction system an 


 ###### Price  positive ######
1 2 Called them at night and within 2 hours later they were at my house. A guy named Jose showed up. He was absolutely amazing! They charged me $99 for the service call and within minutes of getting there my system was fixed. He was very straight up with me and extremely honest. Also great prices. I'm very happy I called this guy. I will be only using them in the future for all my electrical needs. Very happy customer here.

1 3 Was able to quickly print out several documents I needed for a decent price and also had a great selection of supplies (I needing packing tape and some envelopes). The store was clean and organized and the staff was very helpful.

0 4 Magic tailor indeed! This guy is extremely friendly, easy-going and helpful. He has an eye for detail, and a fashionable sense. I (stupidly) bought a dress online from this Chinese store... and the XL fit like an XS. Thankfully, Magic tailor did me the huge favor of altering the dress and had it fit like a glove! Another huge perk is that he gets your items back to you very quickly!  From my visits, I believe that it's just men working on the top floors (ie. fittings, measurements, consultations, etc.) whereas the shop (alterations) below is a team of hard working staff. So, if you're uncomfortable with a man consulting with you, I'd advise you to either ask or probably go somewhere else.  I would say that this place is a little more on the expensive side but worth it. It's also very convenient (opposite Starbucks at the Eaton Centre) - Two thumbs up from me! 

1 5 Roy was my salesman for the initial purchase , I was uncertain as to what exactly I wanted. He was extremely patient and helpful to helping me find the right fit for my needs at a very reasonable price. Can't wait until everything is finalized and my pool finished ! I'm so excited to know I will have my own pool and spa in my backyard again. I have owned my home a few years and every summer I wish I had a pool. There are so many new amenities now so I believe I'm having it installed at just the right time. Can't wait for my first swim! Thanks Roy

0 4 Yes, you do get what you pay for!  But in some cases you can get the same product(that you sell)for much much cheaper!  Your company happens to be one of those cases.  Smart people do research and find a better price.  Your profit margin is way too high! You can find some of the same ac units you sell for much cheaper. 

1 7 I really like this location for Home Depot. It is easy to get to being right off of the 101 freeway.   When ever I go there is always reasonable parking and enough shopping carts.  The employees at this location are easy to find in every isle and are beyond friendly and helpful.  Many just stop me to chit chat with me about my baby.  This to me shows they take an interest in their customers and it makes me feel welcome.  A good note to say also is they can figure out what a "thing a magig" is your looking for and never have looked at me like "OMG we have another stupid women"!  I often bring a picture of what I need and I do not know the names of parts well, they treat me respectfully and often laugh with me rather then at me for my frustrations of being construction handicapped.   The very large selection of items, I always find what I am looking for or something that is equal to comparable.  Prices are reasonable for almost all items. The do have I feel the best pricing for chlorine 

1 8 We had a great experience with Accutemp!!!  Our AC went out on the weekend and they came out for a price quote within an hour!!!  The installers (Ernesto and Rick) were very professional and FAST! Would definitely recommend them!

1 9 First time here.. And I think I'll be back for more!! I like the amenities and the cheerful staff. In addition the $38 price is totally worth it compared to other places.. You can tell they have room to grow but if they keep up the good work they'll be there for as long as they keep it at that price.

1 10 Love these guys and ladies!! I bought a bike in 2013, just after I destroyed my previous road bike, all with a week until my vacation/cycling trip, these guys were able to order, receive and perfectly assemble my new and beautiful Cannondale Synapse, they were helpful, insightful, polite, not pushy and not snobby, it was really a pleasure dealing with them, the bike was priced fairly and it rides incredibly well, the best bike I've ever ridden! Dukes has a customer for life with me! Although I wish I was offered the free fitting considering I dropped close to $3k there that day, but I won't lose sleep over it, great bike shop folks!!

1 11 Moving isn't fun, but this company took a lot of the stress and worry out of it for us. Allen, Ray, and Ryan came by on Saturday and not only wrapped up and packed our 4-bedroom home into their truck professionally and with care, they also skillfully got it all into a 300 square foot storage unit for us. They were always hustling. Some of the best money I've ever spent.

1 12 I accidentally visited Art of Vision, during our walk of the new Summerlin Downtown centre. Am I glad I walked in Art of Vision. Service was top shelf, attentive, helpful and friendly staff. A few days later  I returned for my eye test and select a new frame. The entire experience was just outstanding, Dr Amel and her staff are extremely helpful, polite and good people to deal with. Most importantly for me, this has been the most accurate eye test I have had since I need glasses. Once the test was done, it look only 20 mins to get my new glasses with the best lens, all done right there and then. I will be back for my second pair. Highly recommend Art of Vision, you will not be disappointed and its reasonably  priced too.

1 13 Never thought of this place when thinking of YELP reviews, but glad these 2 folks did to prompt me...this place is FANTASTIC!...have went here for 8 years now when I need resoling/restitching or any other small shoe problem fixed, they're quick, as mentioned honest (I've had them twice tell me they'd just be taking my money by trying to fix a problem that won't work) and charge a decent price (for Belks SOuthPark, a really great price)..EX: my wive just had an old pair of cowboy boots resoled for $25...try & find that anywhere else in town....love these folks! 

1 14 Awesome. I got sleeves shortened on 2 blazers here. They did a great job and charges only $25.

1 15 There's a real reason why his reviews are stellar... It's because he is amazing. Habib is a honest, efficient, and amazingly talented tailor. Total hole in the wall gem of a find and a true treasure to the city. Even if his location is a drive for me I know everything he does will be fantastic at a very fair price. I won't bring my stuff anywhere else now.  Also- for what it's worth... he's hilarious.  Definitely bring your alterations here.

0 16 Love this place Habib is a true professional with decades of experience. I've used him many times to tailor new suits I've purchase and  his craftsmanship and eye to detail on major alterations is a plus. He can make suit suit fit like pictures shown with models. His prices are a little higher than other places but you get what you pay for. 

1 23 Lowe's, like Home Depot, is a big box retailer of home supplies and building supplies for the Pro and the do-it-yourself-er. I always considered Lowe's better for the softer side of things (e.g. lighting, facets) with Home Depot aimed more at the Pro (e.g. copper pipe, lumber).   Pros: Friendly staff ( helps that the HQ is in nearby Mooresville), Clean, Open, Good Pricing, and well stocked shelves.   Cons: Location, Location, Location. Heavens forbid you need to go east on RT-73 after your shopping.   Overall - I go here because it is close to where I live and it has a better selection than the HD down the road. I will keep it at 3-stars until NCDOT finishes the expansion of RT-73, which will hopefully be soon.   Hey NCDOT, if you need any supplies I know just the place... 

1 18 The best tailor in all of Vegas! Habib is accommodating and he always gets the job done! I've come here on countless occasions and I always leave happy. The dresses and jeans that he's helped me tailor have all fit like a glove after and were decently priced too! My most recent trip was to have the piping on an Indian sari fixed. He fixed it in a day and his craftsmanship was beautiful! There is nothing that Habib cannot do!

1 19 The price of an exam was very reasonable even though my insurance wasn't accepted. Stephanie even tracked down paperwork so I can try and recoup some money from my insurance provider. Dr Hui was quick, thorough and very professional with the exam. The practice is located inside Sam's Club (no membership needed) and you can fill your prescription at the optical center next door so totally convenient! The optical center has great prices on contacts and frames... much better than where my insurance is accepted! I highly suggest Dr. Hui's practice and I'll definitely be going back!

1 20 Anna made me feel like a bride :) She treats customers like family. She tells it to you straight, and she quickly earned my trust with my dress. She is definitely a professional. She did a great job and her prices were reasonable compared to other shops. I did take my dress to four different places to get opinions and quotes. She blew the rest out of the water. She also sewed a little "something blue" into my dress. It was the icing on the cake :)

1 21 ** 4.5 stars **  I can vouch for all my fellow Yelpers when I say that Studio Kim is a great place for alterations. The folks at Girl Friday on Queen St West first recommended her to me a couple of years ago, when I needed some alterations on one of their dresses.   Although I've been there a couple of times since, last week was the first time I think I've actually dealt with Miss Kim herself. She's very nice and courteous and knows her stuff.   Although the price for my most recent alteration might have been a bit steep ($16 + tax for a zipper replacement), I didn't mind at all - the quality of the work was well worth it!

1 22 This is where I take my hardworking shoes for a little R&R, they come back looking new & refreshed.  The prices are great, the quality is great, as long as you can find it inside Belk, take your shoes there!

0 34 Very nice decor and environment. Got a massage here and it was great. They have relaxing music and refreshing complimentary drinks. It's pricey but hey, you get what you pay for ;) 

1 24 This location is at a pretty easy to get in and out of on this busy road! The prices are good as well, and very helpful people here, Went mostly to get some envelopes, and got a couple other things, and asked about stamps, and was told only books are sold here, but if you want single stamps she told us they sell them at Money Tree.

1 36 My best friend went in for an hour while my other bestie and  i went grocery shopping. $30 per hour. She said he did an exceptional job and she will return again. It is an open area but worth the money. They also place a hot pad on your back while th3y work on other parts. 

1 25 He fixed the rip in my jacket on the spot, within 10 minutes while I waited. Fair price as well. I'll definitely be using them again for all my tailoring needs.

1 26 Friendly, family owned company that will continue to get my business. They have unbeatable prices ($8.50 for suits) and are incredibly fast/detail oriented! They even took out the collar stays and safely placed them in a sealed bag; most places just leave them in.

1 27 We found a chair on there web site for a great price, well it wasn't the price in the store, but they did match it.

1 28 I had a very nice time here. I went for a massage, facial, and pedicure. The massage was good, not the best I've ever had but really good all the same. The facial was amazing. But I'm not a facial girl and my skin was super dry a week later - I think I don't know how to do all the follow up facial work. But I don't know that I could blame the spa for that! Pedicure was great and the women working there were highly entertaining and personable.  Pricey but not above what you would expect for a nice salon. And when I was pricing spas in Phoenix and Scottsdale it was basically at or below all of the other establishments.  It was a really great environment. There is a small pool, hot tub, and really great lounge for reading.  Highly recommend this to folks looking to drive just a little ways and escape!

1 29 This is one hell of a good tailor with great service and great prices. They were amazing at telling me what I needed and what I didn't need to make my suits look great to save me money in the end. It is truly a customer first level of service that has made this place what it is and get the ratings it has gotten. Highly recommend this place for altering suits. I had no fear of leaving some of my more expensive suits with this place to get altered. Prices are great and likely cheaper than most places.

1 30 OMG!!!!  This dude Dan who runs their salon, cuts hair, does makeup  HE DID STEVIE NICKS' MAKEUP AND HAIR FOR YEARS!!!  AGHHHH!!!!  I love love love love Stevie!!  Aside from my crazed Stevie obsession, I found this spa to be top notch.  Very environmentally aware.  Very down to earth.  Moderately priced.  I love this place. LOVE.

1 31 I'm a firm believer in "you get what you pay for".   The prices here might not be the cheapest, but I have never been to a more compassionate dental practice in my life. I have phobia of any kind of pain during dental work and when I explain this, the doctors are extremely accommodating. Any hint of pain and they make sure that I'm fully numbed again.   When I couldn't bite down for an x Ray due to pain, the technician held the thing in place by hand to make sure I didn't hurt.   Despite all the work I need, they were primarily focused on my immediate needs - resolving the pain I was experiencing. They answered any questions I had pre, during, and post op with no disdain - even silly things like "can I see what you pulled out" and "why did you need to drill for an extraction"  I hadn't been in two years and the hygienist still remembered me.   I need close to $10k in work and they'll be getting all of my business. Stay awesome.

1 32 They are pretty friendly here.  Price is OK.  I had a problem with the alteration, but they fixed it.  I will be a regular here.

1 33 I can't say enough good things about this locally owned and operated independent spa. They are a stand-alone operation offering all manner of personal pampering. This place is well worth a visit and a great bargain for Scottsdale. Just north of Fashion Square mall on Scottsdale road.

1 34 Amazing!  It was easy to set up an appointment, they got me in right away (no waiting for weeks like so many other places in Vegas), the staff was super friendly, they offer a free gift every time you come in, and their "relaxation room" is pretty awesome. ALYSSA was my massage therapist (60 min full body massage) and she was fabulous!!! Probably one of the best massages I've had.  I had an excellent first experience and I will definitely be back. Btw, they honor the Groupon price for subsequent visits, so you really can't beat the price. All around great place!

1 35 Having never been to a spa before I didn't know what to expect coming into Spa Lamar especially since the prices were so much more reasonable than any other spa in Scottsdale.  We arrived early and were given a tour of the place and then shown our lockers and changing rooms and given robes and sandals and taken to the waiting area where our therapists would call our names.  The atmosphere is very relaxing and they have plenty of water and tea for you to drink as well as some fruit.  My friend and I chose the Mid Day Break package as it was moderately priced and offered the services I was looking for in a spa day.  The massage was very nice. The therapist adjusted the pressure to my liking and helped me feel loose.  Next was the facial, which I've never experienced before but the facialist helped me feel very serene and peaceful.   And last, my friend and I were able to have our manicures together.  Afterwards we experimented with the sauna and steam room before using the pool and jacuz

1 36 Called them at 6 am and we had a someone come to the house just 2 hours later. He was very polite and even brought us Starbucks!  He got right to the job, found the problem and fixed it. The price was fair and no pressure to do "extra" work. Would highly recommend calling them for your plumbing issues.

1 37 If I could give Dr Ada Greenbaugh 5-stars, I would. She's wonderful! She's the reason I keep coming back. The facility itself could use some updating, the waiting room is pretty dirty, the wait times even with an appointment are aggravating, but out-of-pocket price for an appointment is reasonable compared to most.

1 38 Every time I need to get my dress shoes fixed or repaired, they are the ones I go to.  They do an excellent job and the prices are fair. They have allowed me to keep using shoes I have worn for over six years now.

1 39 i got my brother pants altered for my wedding and they came out perfect! i also got my vail steamed and ready for my wedding they were wrinkled from being in a bag for a few months & they looked amazing after ! they had it ready next day! great price and i recommend them for any occasion

1 40 Habib is great! I've brought a couple suit jackets to him that needed altered because they were too long. He had me put the jackets on and measured how much fabric he'd have to take off. He then asked how much of a hurry I was in to get the jackets back because he was a little backlogged. He's a busy man, so it may take a few days or even a week to get your garments back. It's well worth it though because he does a great job and everything always fits and looks perfect when he's done. Plus his prices are very reasonable! He charged me about 35 bucks a jacket. I highly recommend Habib and will definitely be back if I need anything else fitted in the future.

1 41 Pete came out today and mounted our tv on the wall. He did an excellent job. You can't see the wires. He even adjusted it to make sure we'd get the best view since its being hung in the bedroom. He was very fast and the price was great.  Thanks a bunch! Highly recommended

1 42 I called 24-7 electrical as we were having an issue with our washer and dryer. They picked up right away. Showed up within one and a half hours. Assessed, diagnosed and fixed the problem in a timely manner and reasonable price.

1 44 I like the Depot.  I never like the reason for going which is usually to fix something that is broken.  Plumbing, flooring, walls, landscape - they have it all.  The prices are reasonable and the staff is MORE than friendly.  Going with the hubby which involves going up each and every aisle makes you start searching for objects to kill yourself but marriage is compromise right?  He puts up with me going through the garden area and trying to pick out plants and flowers which usually meet a sad demise.  So I go through the aisles of pvc plumbing supplies and cabinet latches and it never ceases to amaze me that there are these types of items and also that my husband knows what their use is.  I am lucky he knows how to fix things as it has saved us lits thanks to placea like Home Depot.

1 45 Admittedly, I am probably the LEAST handy person around, so I always need someone to come and help me whenever something goes wrong at my house. Call 4 Handyman was a great choice! They were unable to come out on the same day (a Saturday) but it wasn't an emergency job, so we made an appointment for Monday. They gave me a call to let me know when they were about 20 minutes away, and the job was completed within 2 minutes. The price was more than fair as well! I will definitely save their number and use them for any and all of my home repair needs!

1 46 I really do not know why I haven't shop here at Lowes more often? Every time I come here, they have everything I need, and their prices are very reasonable. I usually go to Ace, and Home Depot. Only because they are closer to home. But for now on, I will make more of an effort to shop here.

1 47 Ramin was helpful. Got laminate installed. Great price. Great install. Super fast!  Ordered Saturday installed and done Monday.

1 48 There is really no better place in the city to go to get your jeans hemmed, patched, euro-hemmed, etc.  Many of the better jean shops in the city send your jeans here when you ask them to hem them for you.  The prices are quite reasonable considering the quality of the work.

1 49 All your office needs under one roof. Always plenty of staff that are knowledgeable and ready to help. Usually have sales that are a great deal. Bought a cross cut paper shredder that was ruined by a DVD. Took it back and upgraded to a higher level paper shredder with no problems. On this product, it is worth spending the extra money. All the materials to complete a school project, office project, and or a personal home project in one location.

1 50 Habib might be a touch on the impersonal side (when he doesn't know you) but his work is outstanding.  Quick, accurate, and well priced.  Habib altered two new suits for me, and the fit was excellent.  I'll be back with more work for him.


 ###### Service  negative ######
1 1 The one time I came here for myself, my Arizona Brown spider bite was diagnosed as a staff infection. Either way I would have gotten antibiotics, but the misdiagnosis turned me off from this hospitals expertise, especially after a friend who is an army medic and an EMS team diagnosed it right.

1 2 Great selection and yes they have it in stock ready to go in my case. I went to 3 other established places had selections but nothing on hand.  Either it was 2 weeks away or we only have a few boxes somewhere. I needed over 1000 sqft. upgraded laminate job and got it done with American quality stuff none of the overseas issues on Formaldehyde off gassing.  Thanks Ramin.

0 3 Came here because I wasnt feeling well. The admin was sympathetic and waited to charge my co pay until after I had seen the doctor. I was seen within 10 minutes by the nurse. About another 10 minutes or so later I was seen by the Doctor. What a lovely, caring woman. She was honest and stated what she assumed the issue was but said because they didnt have the proper equipment (Cat-Scan) to check me and know for sure that I should go the ER. She waived my co-pay and I took her advise and went straight to Summerlin hospital. Thank you for your honesty, attentiveness and kindness. You are appreciated. 

0 3 Sometimes I think orthodontists take pleasure in dishing out pain.  I don't know if they imagine themselves as Dexter and lay out their tools right in front of you while looking at your eyes to see which you're most terrified at.  This is why I haven't trusted a Dental office in so many years, but with Cheyenne Dental Group I found one I can really trust.  Setting up an appointment is easy but finding an open spot to be seen is hard, so get your appointments in.  For example and most recently I called Wednesday night close to closing to be seen for a quick checkup and the next available was on Tuesday at 3pm(!) ugh, with Monday being a holiday.  But with great service comes great demand.  I then met Dr. Tounian whom assessed and had recommendations on work that needed to be done.  No pressure at all on what I needed and wanted.  My insurance isn't the best but they worked with me on getting the necessary work done as well.    Now lets talk about the treatment.  The assistants and staff

1 4 worst experience I've ever had with dr. Torres I found out I was pregnant in July  but ended up  having a miscarriage in September . few appointments that I had with him he was very cold shouldered and I didn't feel he was really listening to what I had to say about my pregnancy that far. apparently after my 1st blood tests my estrogen was low so he prescribed me Progesterone 100 milligrams once a day. things didn't work out so come end of September I ended up scheduling a D&C. at that appointment he expressed that I probably have an estrogen issue since this was my 2nd miscarriage. He didn't know that by now????? smh...already frustrated with this location & this doc I was told I had to get went a follow-up. I did & he didn't even check me (didn't undress), he only asked me a few questions anything wrong, if I was trying to get pregnant again right away, if I want birth control pills and that was prety much the end of the visit. This doc didn't seem to care about my well being and did

1 5 I'd give it zero if I could. Wait an hour to get a half assed Dr visit. They just pawn you off to quest diagnostics and don't take the time to get to know you or your ailments. The staff has overcharged payments, lost payments, charts and literally had me wait an hour bc they didn't know I was sitting in the waiting room! Not the type of place I would entrust my health and that of my family.........

1 6 I like the space & it's easy to find your way around.  The staff are friendly & helpful (especially Amy - she's a caffeine-buzz with a smile!)  I HATE that the parking validation is only accepted until 8:30am or after 5pm.  My sweetie works across the street & we would love to be able to work out together more often in those middle hours, but having to pay for parking there is ridiculous!!!!  Childress Klein properties needs to make an exception because it's obvious if I've only been there an 1.5 hr & I've got a Y stamp I've been to the gym - not just parking there for something else.  If they fixed that I'd go more often & give them more stars.  p.s. I also dislike the new logo.  I think it looks like a goo-ey pastel mess.  I thought the other logo was strong and straight-forward.

0 2 It's a CVS.  Convenient to work to get our prescriptions.  Also, sometimes they carry the Pepsi Throwback.  And when Pepsi is on sale, so is the Throwback!  Other than that, a pretty typical drug store.  Usual assortment of over-the-counter remedies, first aid supplies, cosmetics, and a few foods.  Nothing extraordinary.

1 7 The staff here is very friendly but my main complaint is this place is always packed and busy! There's people standing everywhere and it takes about 2hrs with an appointment to see a doctor. They mix the walk ins with ppl with apmt so what's the point of making an appointment when you are not first priority ? Please get it together here. You should seperate the walkins and give people with appointments the attention they deserve without these outrageous wait times. The worst part is after I waited 2hrs I saw a tech not even a dr! WTF

1 8 I only went here to get a prescription filled on Christmas Day and I'm giving this place a 5 stars because it is open on holidays.   As far as I can tell everything else looks like all the other CVS. As far as customer service. I cant comment on that because I didn't buy anything

1 9 Everyone knows they hate going to the post office especially when it is the holidays but I have to say this was an unusual experience. Im the kinda of person who at the post office wants to limit all personal contact with any human being besides dropping off the package I'm trying to ship out or buying forever stamps (which you can now buy at other places beside the post office so i don't even come here for that anymore). But like I said Unusual Good experience here.  Aftering seeing the 30+ person deep line on the day before X-Mas, I went to the self help weighing machine to pay for the flat rate boxes. After I thought I did everything right, I didn't know where to drop the box off. So I jumped to the front of the line and asked one of them employees Matt,and he said I paid for the wrong box amount. Thanks to him, instead of asking me to wait in the inexcusable line that is the post office, he came out from behind the counter and walked me through the steps and in actuality I OVERPAID

1 10 5 stars for the doctor he is a good doctor. Zero stars for Kenia the front lady who has no idea what customer service is. Its a shame that for staff like her they have to lose patients. Of course they don't care because its not their business they just want to get their check. Horrendous service. I just wonder why people that hate customer service work in that environment smh. Don't even bother calling for an appointment because they will hang up on you or just leave you on hold for 25 min. And if you're lucky they pick up the phone with an attitude. Great!

1 11 In Regards to 5 star review which he posted in response to my bad review of him: 1) obviously, I am not a valued customer of his. I wouldn't want to be!!! I never hired him because of his incompetent, reckless way of dealing with potential clients. The purpose of these reviews is to warn others of how I was treated so, as I stared in my review: they, the BUYER BEWARE!!! And  2) what exactly did I falsify or what was inaccurate? 5 star fails to state one thing in my review of him that is inaccurate or false. He just says: I posted false info & I'm not a valued customer ( which I am glad I'm not) & to remove it. &   3) I have saved ALL MY e-mail correspondence between him & me concerning our dealings & how he failed to honor his terms & agreements.  I CAN PROVE EVERYTHING I POSTED IN MY REVIEW. HE SHOULD BE MUCH MORE CAREFUL OF ACCUSING OTHERS OF FALSEHOODS WHEN EVERYTHING HE SAID IS IN WRITING.   Also, I will make those e-mails available to anyone from YELP that would like to see them &

1 12 When I walked in and saw the person at the front desk on a personal call, I knew I should have turned around and left. She did not end the call while I stood there. There was no one else in the waiting room. If I was feeling better I would have found some place else to go.  She finally finishes her call and acknowledges me. I complete the required paperwork. I go to bring it to her and she is on another call with a patient. She saw me walk up with my paperwork and place it on the counter in front of her. Another person walks in, she ends her call and proceeds to help the next person, after taking all her info she stands up and says to me "why didn't you tell me you completed your paperwork". I did not even answer her as I knew I would have been rude. She calls me up, tells me I have to pay completes the transaction. I sit back down. The lady from back calls me back. Asks what is wrong, asks about medicines I am taking and my history. I am telling her everything, and she keeps asking me

1 14 My housemate had a good experience here with gall bladder removal surgery, but I can't say the same for a recent emergency visit.  After an invasive medical procedure at another hospital -- see immediately preceding review -- I developed a high fever with severe chills.  I am diabetic which means a fever over a certain level is a cause for immediate concern and mine was above that point.  While the emergency room was very fast (probably because I went there around 3 AM and they weren't busy) they were completely useless.  After taking my history which mentioned the diabetes and recent invasive procedure, the young doctor who examined me said it was probably the flu and sent me home.   I took a copy of the bloodwork as I wanted to take it to my personal care doctor the next day.  I looked at the various white cell counts and noticed the neutrophils were high and the remainder of white cell types were normal.  After consulting Wikipedia, I learned this is a definite indicator of bacteria 

1 18 The whole process of working with American Home Water & Air was great! Scheduling was fast and friendly. My serviceman, Stan, called when he was supposed to, gave a window he stuck to, and worked fast. Very happy overall!  The only reason this didn't get 5 stars was due to the overall scheduling strategy. I wasn't given a service window until the morning of, meaning I had to leave the day completely open. Very difficult for working folks that have to coordinate calls, meetings, etc. 

1 16 The building is great.  Clean,  nice looking,  semi comfortable chairs.  They have a touch screen sign in system and that is where yourjourney begins and you realize you are just a number.  The woman at the desk didn't greet me in any way. She didn't acknowledge my existence at all.  Her name tag printing was so small I couldn't read it and I have great eyes Darlissa (i stated reallyhard tosee it)called me up after about 15 minutes and was very pleasent.  With the electronic sign in system,  you would think it would be able to tell you,  "thank-you,  your approximate wait time is. .." but no. I was a walk in and waited about 30 minutes,  I was finally called to go back and was greeted by the technician.  The blood draw went well and I was sent back out to check out.  The check out was another 30 minute wait. Total time about 70 minutes.  They need to greet you when you come in and the wait time needs to improve.

0 20 Came here at the last minute had a small  stitching come apart on my leather jacket. He was able to fix like new and had it back to me in few hours.  Very happy customer right here! He was so nice as well.  Definitely will be back! 

0 17 Though I have never been a big fan of Lowes, we do come here for lighting fixtures. They have a better selection than their chief competitor.  Their service is okay, though not exemplary. One can wander around aimlessly for a while before stumbling across assistance.  Overall, about what one should expect from the box store experience. 

1 18 A few weeks ago, my husband came in to find a solution to a rodent that we had been unable to get rid of in our home. I was, quite literally, hysterical, exhausted from the fear at night and constant cleaning up from him during the day, quite irrational, actually. Everyone we came into contact with were so kind and helpful. The manager, the girl at customer service, another young gentleman that brought me water, they all helped me feel like people truly cared.  Again, thank you for your kindness and your patience.

1 19 Looking at the yelp reviews Im rather happy that we didn't end up using Express flooring. I called the company to schedule someone to come out so that I could select our new flooring. The phone rep asked if I was married and then told me that they would only come out if both my husband and I were present. That's right, its the year 2015 and I'm a working professional female purchasing flooring with my own money, but deemed incompetent to make a decision about the flooring in my home without my husband present. My husband allows me to pick out flooring on my own, I'm even allowed to drive a car and leave the kitchen once in a while. I calmly explained to the rep that my husband actually works overseas and wouldn't be home for some time; did not matter- they refused to come out without him present to oversee things! I went elsewhere to purchase my flooring and I recommend that everyone else does the same- don't patronize this sexist business. Their work is obviously terrible from the pic

1 20 The 5 star is for Jessica who works in Biopsy Ultrasound. She was very nice from the time she called my name. She was very comforting, she knows that I was scared. We had a little chat while waiting for the doctor. After the procedure, the doctor left and I couldn't help but cry (it was painful!) and Jessica was there to comfort me. Thank you so much Jessica!!!  (She works per diem as she said and I had the procedure 12/15/17 at 12pm) 

1 21 I will start by saying that I myself was not at North York General Hospital when a family member of mine went to their Emergency ward late in the evening recently, but I am going to comment on the very poor after-care that we received the next day.  After being examined by a doctor, she was asked if she thought that she should go home or stay overnight. This seems an odd question, as I would think that the doctor should be the one to determine this. She was feeling a little better, so chose to go home, and was given a prescription to fill the next day. When I went to pick-up the prescription the following day, the pharmacist informed me that he could not fill it as it could be harmful for her due to another medication that she takes regularly (which was on the list that she gave to the doctor). The pharmacist attempted several times to contact the hospital to figure out how to proceed, but he was first told to fax over the prescription in question, then was told several more times that

1 25 My ice maker is working amazing!! Thanks for the hair dryer tip!!! I feel like a pimp! 

1 22 First time in a long time I actually left feeling like all my questions were answered.   I usually don't make it there until after work and the 'expert" in the department has gone home for the day.  There should be someone in every department every hour they are open that can assist someone that is ready to buy.  Especially large ticket item- flooring, doors, window coverings etc

1 23 My insurance covered a free cleaning at this place, so I decided to make my dental appointment here. It took about 3 weeks to get an appointment with this office. On the day of my appt, I came early to fill out my new patient paperwork, but like the other reviews have stated, this office tends to run an hour behind on schedule. The waiting room is very small, maybe a dozen seats, but it is a nice looking office. It's not so easy to find though.        Once I was in the the room, it did take at least another 15 minutes to get started on my X-rays and exam. The dental assistant was very nice to me and so was Dr. Um. The dentist recommended the exact work I already knew I needed. I feel like some dentists make up problems with your teeth to make money, and I did not get this impression from this office at all. They were also able to get ALL of the work I needed done at the same appointment, and allowed my friend to charge $799 on his credit card over the phone for my dental work. They wer

1 25 Extremely unprofessional front desk staff! After waiting an hour past my appointment time, I asked when I would be seen and the girl got an attitude with me. She told me I was next and I explained that they told me that 30 minutes ago. She said "WELL the doctor can spend a half hour with a patient!" If I didn't already pay my copay, I would have walked out.   I used to be a patient here a few years ago and stopped coming because I felt that the nurse practitioner did not treat a certain situation right and I ended up in the ER. I came back today because another doctor said this other doctor is highly recommended.   Another note about the staff...I shouldn't have to navigate through nurses and staff laughing and joking around in the hallway. Literally four or five people...super loud and not acting like this is a doctor's office.

1 26 I used to like their pizzas, but twice already I couldn't get in! First time, I get a rude employee saying that we aren't open! And tonight I rang the doorbell twice and I was ignored!  And another thing...why did you stop serving bacon on pizzas?

1 27 Hi, T-Mobile S Rainbow! Let me give you a quick customer service 101.  HERE IS HOW YOU PROPERLY GREET AND ASSIST A CUSTOMER: "Hello, my name is __________. How may I assist you today?"  I dropped by T-Mobile during my lunch break as a ten-year AT&T customer hoping to make the big switch. They had this huge promo going on "switch from a carrier and get a free iPhone 7 (when you trade in your current iPhone)". Upon every transaction, sales associates should 1) assume customers are there for the promo or 2) at least talk about the promo.  Imelda assisted me without proper above-said greeting, so she missed the whole point of why I was there and our time including a lot of backtracking and waste. I tell her I want to make the big switch, so she proceeds to activate a new line, makes me pay for a $25 SIM card, then looks at me - "So you already have a phone for this SIM card?" "No, I wanted to do the free iPhone promo." "Oh. I saw you had two phones so I just assumed you already had a phone

0 28 Much like the majority of the other reviewers this company was assigned to me by Old Republic, my home warranty company.  I noticed water under my kitchen sink and it appeared to be coming from the garbage disposal.  I set up an appointment that was convenient for me and Ish, the tech, came within the designated window,  He replaced the disposal which fixed the problem and gave me some advice on another issue I was having with my dishwasher and was done in less than 30 minutes. 

1 31 After getting horrible customer service at another large store that rhymes with Naples, I came over here to get a few things printed. I was greeted with smiles from every staff person I encountered. There was a couple girls working in the printing/copy area and they both were great. I only had a couple things to print, but one I had to enlarge and Ashley took good care of me and was fast and nice! They did have a handful of customers to juggle and they did so very well and were nice to everyone. I will definitely be returning here for these services. Thank you OM staff for turning that afternoon around! 

1 29 Walking in I didn't feel completely comfortable because first impressions are everything to me. The receptionist that was working there Friday and checked me in wasn't friendly.   I was a walk in so I spent a total of three hours in the office, that included waiting, being seen, waiting on results from a throat swab, getting x-rays, and getting an EKG. I also got my antibiotics filled at the pharmacy Dr. Tran has inside of his office, so three hours for a walk in and I got all that done, not too bad.   Dr. Trans medical assistants were all nice and friendly, so I did feel more comfortable once I was taken into a room and interacted with them. I hadn't been feeling too well for about a week so my husband said it was time to see a doctor once I started having difficulty breathing. Dr. Tran himself was very professional but not personable. After I got  results back he said I had a cold that turned into a sinus infection. I really like the fact that Dr. Tran took the time to listen to my c

0 7 It seems I am working my way around to all of the YMCAs in the area.  When the kids go to dance, I have a few hours on my hand so I stopped shopping and went back to going to the Y.  What I love about this location is the cycle class on Monday nights at 5:30 with Janie L.  She is a beast in the classroom and it is usually pretty full! 

1 30 I was really happy with the massage however Heidi called me 3 times before my appointment while I was driving around looking for the place. Then she texted me also and told me she was checking to see if I needed help finding them because my appointment was now!! Ok so I stop get my phone out to see who is blowing up my phone and try to call her back to find the correct location and she didn't answer the phone. I find the place and I go in to the paperwork and someone comes in the door with kids and a big dog not on a leash. They walk out n and I made a comment to let them know I wasn't comfortable with the dog sniffing me while they walked away! Wow I asked who had the dog. I was told it belonged to the dr. And they had nothing to do with the dog. Just a bad experience! I was more stressed when I left then when I got there.been to this place before was in a different location but I won't be going back!

1 31 Pretty decent spot! Super duper fancy. It's REALLY small. Hardly any equipment... Pretty much the basics. They have a dope room upstairs where you can take virtual classes but the lighting in there is so terrible that it's pointless to try to take them. Staff is friendly but if you're serious about lifting.. Go to a different Mountainside.

1 8 I wanted to love this place after reading all the positive reviews on yelp, but I wasn't blown away. The service was meh. I took some pants to him that were way too big and I felt like I was being rushed during the fittings. He just quickly pinned and was like okay you're done. Didn't ask about fit or anything. Wasn't impressed at all. I watched him size a suit jacket on a couple of gentlemen and the same thing. Quickly pinned without consultation about fit or style. Prices were on average with other tailors in the city. $20 for slimming the waist of dress pants through the sides and $30 for slimming of the waist of the dress pants through the back seam. Not going back 

0 36 David Ramos is the guy I use when I need an infestation inspection on one of my listings. What reminded me is of his treatment or consideration of my last inspection I had him do today. As the home is set up he could have said yeah we need to treat, but being the honest guy he is, he found no activity and just billed me for the inspection. Hey these folks are hurting just like everyone else right now and it would have been real easy to lie and no one would know any difference.   So if you need monthly treatment for your home, give him a try. He is a nice honest hard working guy. 

1 32 Had a 7:30 am Saturday appt for a follow up from a visit on Tuesday earlier during the week, it's now 8:08 and just paid for the co-pay?! Seeing people being called in that walked in and "signed" in after me, so asked why and was told I was "put" on the appt time of 7:30 with the rest of the patients that made appts weeks or months ago, and because it was only a day in advance didn't have my "paper work" ready yet! Huh, so calling and making an appt a day before with Dr Forte, even with her who had instructed me to do was not enough time? Very poor excuse, how do you OVER-BOOK, easy, bad staff! They don't acknowledge you when you come in and just ask if you have an appt or not as soon as entering, that's it! Making an appt is a joke, it's all first come, first serve. Wait times are truly a joke, in the waiting room, in the patient room. Left the building @ 9:20 after its all said and done! Would not recommend this office just because of the front staff!

1 33 Awful customer service. I went in to ship a package today and the employees were a mess. According to them they were out of almost all box sizes for shipping. I get that it's after the holidays, but that's literally what you do. Not to mention they made it into a super unprofessional, laughing ordeal. They then tried to put my package into an abnormally large sized box with bubble wrap and charge me for the extra large box and bubble wrap. When I asked if I could be charged for the size it should be in that they were out of instead they laughed and said no and told me to go somewhere else if I wanted to be charged for the proper size.

1 34 Not so sure what the fuss was about but I was asked to go pick up something here and really got BLAH service from the young man who really could not answer my questions. I did not eat the stuff but the person I picked it up for was disappointed that it was frozen - not fresh and dry.

1 38 This is only the 2nd time that I've ever been to any urgent care. Over all this place is pretty decent because of Dr. Baker. The check-in process for a new patient does leave something to be desired. Checked in & waited to ask for the paperwork to fill out & front desk ppl told me have a seat they'd call me. Mind you there was no one else @ the counter checking out or milling about so I don't know why they couldn't just give me the paperwork right away. Had to wait for over 15 minutes before they called me up to get it. Least I had brought a book w/ so I wasn't so bored. Didn't care to watch whatever soap opera they had on TV. One of the only reasons this place is getting 3 stars is because of Dr. Baker. She was great. Explained everything & was very upbeat & cheery. Luckily I was in & out in about an hr which I was surprised since there had been about 10 ppl in the waiting room when I arrived. 

1 35 Water heaters.  How often do you EVER check yours out?  Mine's in a closet in the garage.  Forgettable.   Until this morning, when I saw a strange rust-colored stain on the floor outside the closet.  Checked the heater, and not only was there a little sheen of water, but a nice crust of calcium sediment on the base.  Clearly the heater had been leaking for a while.  This freaked me out, because water/electric are not a good mix.  Last time my old unit died, it caught fire, so needless to say, I was a bit panicky about getting this replaced ASAP.  Based on the yelp reviews, I called American Home Water about 11:30AM.  Around 1:30PM, Wilson was rolling up with my new heater.  Yes, two hours later.  On a Friday, no less.  Around 3PM, Wilson was rolling out.  But, not before giving me my warranty booklet, explaining what's warrantied, showing me how to change the temperature (should I need to boil a body or something, I imagine), explaining how I should drain the tank once a year (no one h

1 37 Store is the same as any other T-MOBILE store but the customer service here sucks.... Don't harass me about asking so many questions. I'm no punk. You won't sucker new into signing my life away on a $700 phone

1 9 I've been coming here for almost 5 years now for my annual chest x-ray. In general, no real complaints,  but here's the run-down.  1) They take walk-ins for chest x-rays which is helpful for me and my crazy schedule. 2) The staff are always friendly, have never had any problems with the front desk or radiology techs.  3) The office (including bathrooms) are always clean, and the waiting rooms have two TVs which helps the time go by while you wait. 4) I never have much of a wait when I go here once I am checked in, but the check-in process can sometimes take 30-45 minutes, even when there are only 2-3 other patients in the entire building. Seems a little excessive to me personally, but again as I said, once I'm checked in I'm normally done with imaging and out the door in ten minutes.   I also can't comment on fees/payment or anything like that as I'm fortunate my school insurance pays for everything. 

1 38 I know most of the reviews are about the ads (nauseam) but we actually had experience with their in-home estimate that we wanted to share. We wanted to match our tile in the living area and replace carpet which is part of the flowy floor plan. We made an appointment, expecting to get a quote.   Yes they wanted to have "all parties" present before they would even show. Big pain, since both DH and I had to rush back from work to meet the "design consultant". But I can see why it is important, since they bring all the samples to you they wouldn't want one spouse vetoing the other after decision-making or having to do iterate this process many times. The design consultant was very nice, no doubt.   Based on our description on phone while making the appointment, he had brought 5-6 tiles which were close but none was a good match. He said since the tile we already had was 8 years old, matching them was not possible as most likely the manufacturer had stopped producing those. No more options,

1 39 Had to wait four days to get my simple script filed after my two root canals. They blamed the Federal government for the delay but it's no consultation for being in pain for those days and being told to come back to the window at noon everyday and maybe we'll have some meds

0 45 They painted our exterior TWiCE and came back multiple times with a second two man crew that worked tirelessly and expertly. They kept coming back till they got it right. There never was a question about it. In the end we were very happy we chose Arizona Painting Company because they stuck with it. 

1 40 Contrary to a previous reviewer, we had a very different passport service experience. Waited almost 4 hours on a Tuesday morning to get a single passport.  There were about 10 people signed up in front of us but a couple of people didn't show up, so technically less than that. You go in and sign a clipboard to get on the waiting list. There is a window for passport services, but whoever works there doesn't just process passports. If the line for regular customers gets long, they stop passport services and deal with the regular customers first, so if it's a busy day you are SOL. Also, make sure you photocopy BOTH sides of your ID. We made the mistake of only photocopying the front side of our ID and not reading the fine print until it was too late. This place will not let you make a photocopy there, you have to go somewhere else.

1 41 I come here every day it seems like every day I encounter the same problem no lumber carts... it's silly that something as simple as this cannot be resolved within a day or two let alone a months on end

1 42 As I've written in some of previous reviews for cycle shops, each one has its fans as well as detractors, and there are always pluses and minuses for each. Depending on who you ask, any given shop could run the gamut from horrible to great, but I find that the star rating that is most prevalent is probably the rating you should trust. It's with that in mind I give Duke's 3 stars. Here's why.  Duke's isn't a bad shop. It's not run down and the staff there haven't been rude to me when I've gone. Most people I've dealt with there were pretty nice actually. But the reason I give it 3 and not 4 or 5 stars is that in my experience there the customer service I've gotten has simply been just OK. A couple of the people were really really nice. A tall gentleman I spoke to about a specific bike they'd had before and a couple of the girls who work there were very polite. A gentleman with longish gray hair was not excessively rude but has never seemed that enthused and a couple times didn't even ad

1 13 This guy must be superman.  He is extremely busy, yet managed to tailor two shirts for me at the drop of a dime.

0 43 There is usually not a long wait, everyone is nice, place is spotlessly clean.  I have places I like better, where the employees are a little more human, but the quickness makes up for it here.  They need a bigger parking lot! I gave up a primo parking spot because the people behind me were 120, resulting in me waking a mile to park. Sigh.  It's a little hidden. The sign says SDMI, which always throws me. Keep your eyes peeled right after the bank, or right before if you come off Cheyenne. 

1 44 Everyone seemed friendly. Husband had no appointment and they said at least 1.5 hours. The only issue I had was its 61 out side but they has it freezing inside. I had to go wait in the car with the heater on so I could warm back up.

1 45 I have been going here as my primary care for over a year now. I went in on October 28th. I needed my maintenance meds refilled. It is now the 10th of Nov. and after several days of calling the office. I might finally have it done now...maybe Really??? Over 15 days to get meds called in are you kidding me. This and the wait are just to much. The office staff I have talked to have no empathy for their mistake and wanted to blame me because they didn't know what meds to send in...again REALLY?? That's what a chart is for! I have not had any problems with Dr Tran per say. But I went in with chest pains and he told me it was just a panick attack but just to be sure he did an EKG. It came back abnormal he said so he told me I had to rush to a cardiologist to see if I had a heart attack or was having one right then. I drove myself to the other Dr. Office had multiple tests even after he read the EKG and said it was fine. So I guess they can't even read an EKG or call in meds. Terrible and af

1 46 4/2016  Stopped at this CVS to check out what was left from Christmas of course not expecting much since it was New Years Eve.  We were surprised they did still have A LOT of items but not what we had found at other CVS stores we had been to, that we were looking for. We even asked the clerk if they had some items we were looking for and they never carried them. I guess because of theft they have in this store is all I can figure out.  It was getting dark out and outside was not real bright with lights in the parking lot. It is not a store I would go to unless I had to and was kinda glad when we left. Seemed like some shady people hanging out near by the entrance.  We did find a few good items here we ended up buying so it was worth stopping!

1 47 D'ya ever notice how no matter what Apple Store you walk past, it's always packed? It's partly due to people gawking at the Macs or surfing the free internet. Or people actually buying a Mac (lucky, rich bastards!). But it's usually due to the fact that no matter what issue you have, their customer service is spot on..and I'm a PC owner (please don't tell).  I've been having an issue with my phone and went into Apple on the advice of Telus. I set up my appt online thru Genius Bar. I've never had to go into Apple for an actual issue so I wasn't sure what the process is when you enter the store. From the dumbfounded look on my face, I was greeted right away by a rep and asked if I needed help. I let them know why I was there and they told me they would let someone know. Within about 15 min, my name was called. I wasn't used to that. I'm used to trying to make eye contact with a sales rep, having them seem less interested when they realize they can sell you anything & then get completely 

0 48 Wait time is horrible. Open at 7:30am, only one patient in front of us in a school day morning, having a sick kid, waiting in a cold room for an hour without any information. I feel sick too 

1 49 Cox sucks, they have horrible customer service they don't do what they say their going to do. they lie about rates or they don't know what their doing. Will not ever start service with them again.

1 50 well I have been coming here for last 2 years. I haven't had any problems with any of the staff. I see Sylvia Menasco who I love. She is an APN and maybe that's why Ive never had to wait that long at my appointments. She is sweet and understanding and easy to talk to.   I did come here several years ago and saw one of the main doctors. I think Dr.  Tyre. I did not like how she treated me, which prompted me to look elsewhere. But came back after several other disappointing doctors and just made sure I did not see her. 

0 15 Good parking, lots of group classes, indoor walking/running track. Plenty of cardio machines, one Jacobs ladder, rowing and cycling machines. They also have some curious recumbent machines in the back that may be useful if you are recovering from an injury or have some limitations. The floor for ab and free weights is a bit cramped at times. Only down side is I don't like the locker room facilities. I much prefer Sara's YMCA location if I need to work out and shower before work in the morning.

0 17 After suffering through shoddy repairs from home warranty companies for years, we found Howard Air's maintenance contract. It's been awesome! They come out twice a year to service the heating/AC unit and keep it running. Before them, we'd have breakdowns every summer (and have to wait days for service in 100+ degree heat). Now we have a company that will send someone out almost immediately if we have a major problem. But the best news is - since we've started using them, we've only had a problem once (and they covered the labor since they had just serviced it)! Preventative maintenance works!  Even though our unit is old, they don't pressure us to buy a new one or do major upgrades. They clearly explain any issues and provide options, not requirements, for repairs. My only complaint is that they used to do hot water heater emptying on the plan, but it looks like they moved that feature to a more expensive package. As long as they keep the AC running in the summer, we can handle the hot

0 19 If there were a ZERO star option, I would have picked it!  At first, this place seemed like a good idea.  New dentist, new practice, a $40 all inclusive special when I had no insurance, etc.  The receptionist, Samantha, seemed very nice, so, she gets 2 stars, but the service here, SUCKS.  I'll explain.  I just moved to Las Vegas from NY 2 months ago and was looking for a dentist.  This one is right near my house and it got good reviews on here, so I decided to give them a try.    The first question the Dr. asked me when he looked in my mouth is if I ever considered braces.  I told him no.  My teeth are relatively straight.  In fact, Rosie, the hygienist, had WAY worse looking teeth than I did.  She was nice also though.  So my story is that I have 4 relatively large, amalgam fillings on my left side.  2 up, 2 down, both in molars.  Dr. Tran's recommendation was $2400 worth of replacement fillings for all of my teeth.  This seemed bizarre as I know that amalgam fillings are typically us 

0 20 Although my electrical issue was minor, as a single girl who is not AT ALL handy, I needed someone to come out to look and see what was wrong (the lights in all the bathrooms suddenly stopped working). Based on the reviews, 24/7 seemed like the best option. I called and left a message on Tuesday evening. It wasn't initially returned, so I called back on Wednesday and was able to schedule an appointment that was convenient for me (5:30p). There was a little confusion about whether the appointment had been set/confirmed, but that was rectified. I was a little peeved that i rushed home from work to get home by 5:30, because I received a call at 5:45 from the repair person saying that he was 20 minutes away.   However, Eddie was extremely friendly and personable. It turned out that my issue was nothing but a simple click of a switch. Sigh... However, he showed me where everything was in case I had a similar issue.   I was initially very angry about the cost ($99), since it literally took h 

0 24 There is nothing much worse than getting sick on vacation unless its losing money and getting sick.  I had run the gamut over the prior 4 days from the initial scratchy throat to a runny nose, low grade fever and cough so my wife suggested a trip to the emergency room was in order.  I resisted so we compromised by visiting the Minute Clinic that is affiliated with St. Rose Dominican Hospital.  I am not sure where the Minute comes from since it was many minutes, but still a lot faster than any emergency room would have been.  I filled out some online paperwork and waited approximately 18 minutes before seeing the nurse practitioner. She asked several questioners and conducted a number of tests before concluding I had a cold while offering some suggestions for reducing the symptoms.  Other than $25, the cost of the my 30 plus minute visit was covered by my health insurance.  I would not hesitate to visit again under the same circumstances. 

0 26 From 11/23/15 I've always wanted to try acupuncture and saw a Groupon $30 instead of $75 for a consultation- so I was like "sold!" Hahaha.   I'm glad that I tried this- getting acupuncture was awesome! It's pretty cool where they stick the pins which btw hurts a smidge. I got my treatment for relaxation and stress relief, I might start doing more sessions in the future. 

1 30 My experience started off with a teeth cleaning apt. The hygienist was good and my teeth were clean but after the dentist took a look he told me my filling  I've had for 10+ years  should get a crown. They gave  Me a quote for 3 different options and of course pushed for their same day crown option. I believe they pushed for the most expensive option not  because it's the best option but because they already bought the machine and they need us patients to help pay for it. No one went over the options with me and I was left research on my own. Proceeding with a porcelain fused to metal crown which seemed like the strongest option for a molar they send these out to a lab in Cali to get made. Which is fine. But signing the consents you sign you will be back within a certain time frame or they will not be responsible. After getting rescheduled at their request I asked how that will work out since I'm now going to be exceeding time frame. The staff had no idea what I was talking about which 

1 33 BEWARE!!!!!!! Their billing practices are highly suspicious!!! This office does not check your insurance before performing procedures!!!! You'll get surprised by a bill stating they'll send you to collections because you have a balance that they never informed you about! Use this medical office at your own risk!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 

1 37 Short wait but the ER has seen better days, at first glance you might be tempted to leave based on appearances. But hey, you're here for an emergency right?  It took two visits to the ER and what I can only imagine are astronomical hospital bills to find what should have been found the first time. 

1 40 I went to LaserAway in July of last year for CoolSculpting.  I purchased 2 sessions for my inner thighs.  The first session seemed fine, but the second session was totally different.  The girl couldn't seem to figure out what she was doing.  I called the manager the next day and she offered for me to come in for another session, so technically I had 3 sessions.  It's almost a year later and there's no difference.  But my biggest complaint is the financing option.  What a nightmare.  I've been paying $150 a month for the last year and my account has been transferred to 3 different financing companies. They also told me there would be no interest and the financing company has been charging interest the entire time.  It's taken me a few weeks to figure it all out.  Their 'same as cash' deal is kind of confusing. I wish LaserAway was more clear about how this would work. 

1 43 Went into this store with my man in August and they opened up account after I told him not to I was just seeing how much is cost. On August 27th we told by manager that the account was canceled and they were Sooo sorry. Today in the mail I get collections notice for non payment of an account I don't have I've been with Verizon for 2 years. Stay away they are liars 

0 44 Spa Lamar advertises itself as an everyday spa.  Go in here expecting just that, and you won't be disappointed.  While the amenities are a bit older than other spas, and a bit more basic, if you get a service such as a massage, it includes use of the facilities for the whole day.  We had a couple's massage here, and the massage therapist did a pretty good job with working out the omnipresent knots in my back and shoulders.  It was a good mix of relaxation and therapeutic massage.  At $210 for both of us, it seemed a bit pricey to me, although since it is a spa environment in Scottsdale, higher prices are to be expected.  They also have a harsh cancellation policy that I wish I could get away with at my own business and still stay afloat!  If you cancel within 24 hours of your appointment time, they will charge you the full amount of your service.  To be charged $210 if an emergency or something happened within 24 hours and I couldn't make the appointment made me feel a bit uneasy- good

0 45 We were about to get a new dryer installed, when my husband found out that the tape connecting the vent attachment to the duct had ripped.  He was hoping to do the simple fix of just taping them back together himself, but the duct was mostly behind the drywall, so there was no way to get at it w/o going through part of the wall.  According to my husband, he's great at taping things together, but with drywall cutting/repair involved, it was time to call in a professional! Luckily, I saw Mel C's recommendation and trusted his judgement.   We had seen dryer vent boxes that recess into the wall, and figured that's what we needed, so we asked Pete to install one of these.  He came out the same day we called, looked with a flashlight into the area behind the wall, and noticed there was a wall stud extremely close to the vent.  He said it would be no problem to install the dryer vent box, but depending on what was behind the wall, could run $300-$400, and would look very nice when installed h

1 49 I'd drive to California or Arizona before using Moon Nurseries.  Picked out really nice tree that someone else got/stole & they delivered some BUSH instead of a TREE !!!  They Don't Know one Soil From Another.  I demanded a refund & got it about $150.00+- . Wasted my Time as well as landscapers waiting to install the order.  Never see my business EVER!!!


 ###### Service  positive ######
1 1 I needed ink for my printer and just took a chance and stopped at the local store on S. Eastern in Henderson, near the Target anchor store. Young lady helped me. She was great. Then I asked some questions about the purchase of a desk top computer and she gave me full attention and customer service. I will be back again.

1 2 This store has some excellent customer service.  I've been going here for years and always get asked several times if I need help.  I'm a needy kind of person, lol. So I know  I  will get  some great advise when I go here.  In this day in age with service it's nice to know where I can find some awesome assistance.   Don't forget to ring the bell when going out the door, they have that up there to tell the employee's they were helpful and you were happy with your service. :)

1 4 Excellent service! Airpro was sent out from my home warranty company and Alex saved the day. I had troubles with my garbage disposal leaking or at times not working at all. Alex changed it out in less than an hour.

1 1 My wife and I have been here quite a few times and I don't know if I'm really qualified to review this place but here goes:  I really appreciate that someone would rub my feet for that long while I get to fall asleep on a really comfortable chair.  Before they get to your feet they work on your head and shoulders which always feels good.  Then they turn you over and work on your back.  My wife thinks it's hit or miss unless you get a guy named David who always does a great job.  I'm just happy to go and relax and can't really tell the difference. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a quick walk in massage for cheap! 

1 5 The woman at the reception desk was friendly and she sent me to another waiting area. The gentleman who checked me in was also pleasant and effective.  I did have to wait over an hour after the time they told me to arrive. They said to arrive at 10:30am for my 11:00am appointment. They saw me shortly before noon.  The nursing and medical staff were professional and my experience was excellent.

1 6 The service from AccuTemp from start to finish was amazing. Around 6pm I got a hold of their after hours dispatch, and by 8pm the tech had arrived, left, and the issue was fixed. Given that it was after hours and a holiday weekend, the price was also very fair.   I'd definitely recommend AccuTemp to anyone with an A/C issue. Fast, fair, and honest, with great service to go along with it.

1 8 Great staff and providers. They do take a while to respond to phone sometimes. Also, they can get really busy sometimes so same day appointments may not happen but that's not uncommon. Once you have an appointment usually the wait is not that long.

1 9 Lovely people, great experience. Why go anywhere else when the best are right here!!!! Great family run business, thumbs up all around!! Got my dress steamed there and Anna actually advised me on Skype through her assistant as she and her hubby were out of town. Very honest and told me my dress didn't need any work done on it which I so appreciate. Go here! You will be happy you did.

1 10 My husband has been suffering from GI problems the last couple months. His Doctor referred him to see Dr. Chen. Booking an appointment was a breeze plus super nice staff. No attitude, no rudeness! :) The wait prior to the appointment was short. The website has all the forms you need which in convenient. He'll be have a procedure soon so I completed his pre-op paperwork using the website. The website was easy to navigate. Will update post after procedure!

1 11 Convenient location, excellent staff, professional setting, modern, up to date equipment.   My experience at their 4800 22nd St location was superb. It's so refreshing to go to a Dr's office and receive prompt and courteous service. My upcoming eye exam was causing some stress, afraid it was my turn to have eye problems.   After a thorough exam, I was relieved when told my eyes are in good shape. No issues that will require additional treatment. Pretty fortunate person.

1 12 Ask for John. You'll be glad. He massages myself, my boyfriend And my dad and truly saves all of us from our work-related pains. He is amazing and very strong, which is great for someone who prefers deep pressure. He is the only person I ever request here!

1 13 The reviews you see are accurate. I used these guys to paint the exterior of my house. The owner came out and provided me with options while explaining the process in great detail. I could immediately tell that this place runs like a well-oiled machine. I was placed on the schedule, while receiving weekly updates about any possible changes. I ended up having my exterior painted several weeks earlier than originally scheduled due to some changes, which was fine by me.   The crew, which is an actual crew of employees rather than short-term fillers, was timely, professional, and did a great job on my house. Most importantly, their communication was quick. I had some questions/concerns about paint colors. I received e-mail responses long past regular business hours and the supervisor was out there the very next day to address all of my questions.  I had a brief panic several months after my painting project was finished when I noticed these tiny little chipping areas on one side of my hous

1 14 I have always had decent service when I am here. Not pushy and over bearing but not none existent. Just ask and they are more than willing to help. Things might be a little pricey here but there are always things hiding. They have a full shop in the back for when you decide to kiss asphalt or taco a wheel. They know what they are doing.

1 15 I got the Clear+brilliant done today, Shaina was the nurse who did my procedure. She was very informative and told me everything that i needed to do before and after the procedure. She also explained everything before doing anything. I really appreciate that since I was really nervous for the procedure to be done but she made it a really good experience. Hopefully the results are good too.

1 15 Shockingly great service is possible at SMA. The nurse called me to the back office before I was finished checking in at the front desk. As soon as the nurse left my room, Dr. Mehta walked in. It was hard to believe I was in Vegas, at a medical clinic. Felt more like McDonalds, in a good way.  Dr. Mehta is efficient. I love efficient people. Dr. Mehta had the misfortune of seeing me after I had already been seen twice at Quickcare, so I was fed up. One doctor said Strep throat, the other said viral infection and, in the meantime, I developed pink eye. A hot mess is what I heard some people mumbling as I walked away coughing and rubbing my eyes.  Anyhow, he ordered three prescriptions, two blood tests and a chest Xray and told me I couldn't return to work for 3 days. He held up his fingers as he told me, "Three days. You don't want people seeing you like that anyway, do you? Three days."  I appreciated his humor and the fact that he didn't chastise me too much for taking my friend's med 

1 16 I was waiting at the door recently to be the first one to get a newly released cell phone and tablet. Once they opened, the service rep was ready to assist and get my order processed. Jorge talked me through the different options but was respectful of my time. He was impressed that I had waited outside before the store had opened, so he knew I was a dedicated customer. I was able to acquire both electronics and get them operational before leaving the store. I would give this review five stars but there was one thing out of his control and I had to call T-Mobile on the phone to get fixed. I have done many cell phone activations since 2002 with T-Mobile and this was one of the smoothest.

1 17 Their commercials got me in the door but their customer service, knowledge and wonderful staff has me going back for my surgery.  Everyone I spoke with was very knowledgeable; they explained everything about the procedure and even offered financing.   Very clean, very friendly, can't wait to get my vision corrected.

1 19 I was referred here by my friend and her peers who are medical students and some of which did their rotation here with various doctors.  Highly recommended by them, and they said "It's the place to go if you have cervical/spine issues and may need treatment.".  I was referred to Dr. Theodore, but he was not taking patients. So I went to their website and they have a nice filtering option to filter by insurance company.  I selected Dr. Andrew Little.  He has a fantastic bedside manner.  He was very informative, and I had done my own research online, and he covered all of that in his communication.  He also answered all of my questions sufficiently and as much as he could.  He provided many options and when I asked for his recommendation on the first option, he provided his input.    I would recommend BNI.  They are know worldwide and I knew their name from recognizing it.  And my medical student friend and her peers' recommendation helped solidify my decision to go here.  The facility i

1 6 Easily my favorite spa in Scottsdale. For around $120 I can get lunch, a massage, the steam room, and then the pool. The staff is great! And he amenities are awesome! It's conveniently located across the street from my house so that makes it even better ;)   Ask for Shelly when getting a massage! 

1 21 Dr. Amel is very caring! She's smart and very thorough. Her office girl, Giovanna is the SWEETEST and most helpful receptionist ever! She's extremely patient, resourceful, and brings a beautiful atmosphere to the office with her personality. Sometimes in other offices it feels uncomfortable to try on a lot of glasses but not here! Giovanna was very helpful in trying to make sure my dad got the frames he wanted. Love this place!

1 22 incredible service!! I called in the middle of an afternoon to have a large 4' x 3' chandelier installed and they quoted me $90 and said they could do it that afternoon.   Adi showed up, ladder, tools, and drop cloth in hand. Took all of about 30 minutes and voila ~ chandelier installed!  $90 as promised, and Adi was on his way! Would totally use again and recommend to anybody looking for some handy-work!

1 23 First time visiting this center. Had an appointment for 4:30 and was seen right around that time. The staff was super friendly, explained everything that was going on thoroughly and answered all of my questions honestly. I had an ultrasound and the room it was performed in was warm and comfortable. Definitely a pleasant experience.

1 24 This guy is...AWESOME! My bridesmaid dress fit horribly but once Habib worked his magic, you would have thought it was custom designed for me. I received numerous compliments on how well it fit, and my best friend (the bride) told me the tailoring made the dress look 10 times better.The best part he is super affordable and quick!

1 26 We came in for some missing immunizations. Our care provider was awesome. She had great bedside manner. Kept my daughter perfectly calm the whole time. We were a challenging case as my daughter was way behind on her immunization and we didn't have an insurance card but were able to provide the needed info. It was so simple and stress free. I am very impressed.  Great stop to handle the mess we were in.

1 27 David was the only one to personally respond to my 4 request for a quote, and inspection. The others only sent emails. David showed up and did a complete walkthrough inspection. He spent the time to explain the treatment, and the various pricing offers. His prices were very fair, and his service did what they said the would. The 5 year warranty is a good deal.

1 28 He is the best by far!! You want it done correctly and better than you imagined come here for alterations.

1 29 Desert View FM has a clean, modern office and large waiting area. During the winter months be prepared for very long hold times on the phone, I've waited up to 40 minutes to get a person on the phone. They see a lot of older patients and snowbirds and the summer is a lot easier to get in.

1 30 We moved from Phoenix to Mesa 10/31/15.  From the customer service (Selena) to the actual move (Jake & Gabriel) this was 5 star efforts.  Moving is very stressful and Selena was very patient with me during the 5 calls regarding their company and quotes.    The move itself was phenomenal. professional & quick.  Imagine nothing broken or missing as I have experienced in the past with other movers.  We are kind of of picky and Jake insured every think I asked for was done to my specifications.    The one thing that blew me away was how hard and fast they worked.  Didn't even take a break.  Would use this moving company again in a heartbeat.

1 32 This place has great hours 7 days a week.  The physician's assistants all are very knowledgeable, attentive, and have good bedside manors.  Dr. Tran could work on his bedside manor a bit, but he is very knowledgeable.  The front office staff is pleasant and a lot of traffic goes through there without having to wait very long usually.  I would estimate that walk-ins are in and out of there in 40 minutes.

1 33 I've been going to Steinberg for my yearly mammo for nine of the ten years I've lived in Las Vegas.  Although it's a bit frustrating to fill out the same paperwork packet while in the waiting room year after year (don't they keep anything on file?) and the waiting room feels a bit like you're waiting for government services, once I get inside to the mammography area I never have any complaints. The techs are friendly and explain what they're doing and why as you go along. I've recently had some ultrasounds done of some, um, really personal places - and the tech always makes me feel relaxed and not too self-conscious.    No complaints and they're professional get the job done.

1 34 Cheyenne Dental is conveniently located in a strip mall / shopping center off of a major highway.  It is very easy to navigate to and find with it's large signage in front of the office.  Upon arriving, I was greeted by the receptionist who I must say was very nice.  I had to complete some standard paperwork and then immediately proceeded (escorted by an assistant) to a chair in the back.  Through this process, I noticed that the office was very clean, modern, yet comfortable at the same time.  Perhaps I was influenced by the calming sounds of the floor-to-ceiling running waterfall in the front lobby.   I started off with X-Rays.  It was the standard procedure so there isn't much to highlight here other than the friendly service from the assistant.  From there came the cleaning.  In 90% of my previous dental visits, I often have the problem of hygienists trying to strike a conversation during the cleaning.  While I don't mind good conversation, I prefer not to have one while my mouth i 

1 35 Two Thumbs Up! - F&F Carpet Cleaning was terrific - - the technician was very nice and did a an expert job cleaning the carpets and tile flooring.  He knew what to do and he didn't waste any time getting things done.  I now only have one carpet and floor cleaning company that I'll use; and that's F&F Carpet Cleaning Company.

1 37 Great therapist. Spa was under renovation and they discounted my service as a result. Cannot wait to return when new spa is done

1 39 You will not be disappointed by the cleaning services provided. I have used more than a few cleaning services in the past few years and Proficient is the best. Previously I just kept going through Living Social and Groupon deals and nothing ever stuck. But then Venza showed up and asked me detailed questions about my needs, offered suggestions and texted me when she finished. When I got home my apartment looked and felt amazing and she had listened to every single thing I said. I will be sticking with them now. The search is over.

1 36 Found what I needed. Customer service was friendly and helpful. No complaints here. A+ 

1 40 Howard Air was recommended by a neighbor. I called and they came out within minutes and provided a very comprehensive estimate. Scott Bird was our go to guy. Excellent and knowledgeable man. We are going to move forward with Scott's estimate and will update our review afterwards but I'm anticipating it'll be as 5 Star as it's been thus far. Important to point out: I also requested an estimate for my mother in laws return box to be replaced. She had a new HVAC installed a couple years ago and although it's a great unit the installer never took the time to check out the return box. It was from 1964 and was pretty weird and non conventional in its shape requiring special filters. Scott Bird came out to estimate the replacement. Again, 5 star service. They did the job which was 100% perfect and left the job clean.

1 41 I have been to this location on a few more occasions and both subsequent visits were just as good as the first. I went in for a brain MRI and back xrays. Also got an MRI on my neck. Always professional and you really don't wait any time at all. Four visits now, and all of them went great. Obviously they know what they are doing and are a well oiled team. I highly recommend this location of Desert Radiologists.

1 42 Dr. Tran & his staff are very friendly.  Call before you go and make an appointment!  Thanks for making me feel better!  Pharmacy on site was very helpful and convenient.

1 43 Bought the Groupon for 3 guys 2 hours and was a pretty good deal. Ended up having a lot more stuff than expected and took us about 4 hours. Jahan, Allen and Victor was very quick and definitely hustled throughout the moving process, they took great care of all our belongings and were very thorough.  Everything was yes sir, yes mam and were very professional. Would recommend to others.

1 44 OH-M-GEE I just had the best experience ever from 24/7 installing ALL 6 of my ceiling fans. I had a 9 am appt but I received a phone call around 830 asking if I could have them come out at 1230 instead. I agreed. At 1230 Roland and Alonso arrived ready to work. They were courteous and very professional. They joked and had my mom and I laughing the whole time they were here. One of the fans had an issue with the remote not communicating  and wasn't working so Alonso told me to take it back to where I purchased (Home Depot) and have them swap it out because it is something that occurs often. Well I went on my way to take it back while they were still installing the last two fans and it was an easy swap(thanks Home Depot) and they were able to get it to work! This company is honest and hardworking! They even do TV mounting, AC, and heating! I will definitely be calling them again to do other services! Thanks Roland and Alonso!

1 10 I visit doctor Hui for for eye exam, the receptionist is nice.  It's very small office located in the sam's club. There is a little side door you can get in without go into the sam's club.  My appointment time was 2 pm, I went there and wait about 20 min for the doctor, which is pretty long for me. The doctor was nice and patient, he answered my questions and suggested me to go somewhere cheap to get my contact lenses.  I would like to go back for eye exam next year, PS: if they can offer discount would be perfect. 

1 46 Im really surprised with how well things went here. I've never had any luck with dentists, but I can honestly say everything went perfectly. I had a crown made at Floss Dental and Orthonics but i wanted it rushed so they were able to get me in early at this location. Procedure went by quickly and as smooth as can be.  Very highly recommended!!

1 47 I love this place! No seriously, I do. I have HUGE phobia of the dentist, but Dr. Phan and his staff have taken good care of me. Still not a big fan of going, but at least I feel comfortable here and keep coming back.

1 48 Great office! Easy to find location, welcoming & friendly receptionists & all the other workers there too. Dr. Tounian was very informative & assuring when explaining a potential dental procedure that is much needed. Paid only $40 for my first visit too, what a deal.  Didn't feel pressured by staff either, which is always a plus.

1 49 Great clean apartment building. I loved living here!   Pro: Stunning views Friendly staff Clean gym  Con: The pool took forever to get fixed

1 50 Had quotes from 2 of the better companies on Yelp. Went with these guys since they were a little cheaper.  Overall excellent service, knowledgeable sales,  super install, system running great. I don't think you can go far wrong with these guys. I had previously used Home Depot for my kitchen install which ended up a bit of a disaster. So this time avoided the Costco, Home Depot type solutions.

1 17 This is MY office supply store!  Love the manager, Ken, and love the Assistant Manager, Alma!  Do take advantage of the rewards points and online coupons to get the bang for your buck!  :-) 

1 28 Great residence just off the strip.  I went here to see a friend. The security is great and the facility has beautiful features - high end by most people's standards.  The views are magnificent.  I heard it was only about 30% occupied but that probably means great deals.  If I lived in Vegas, I would want to be here.  I also heard monthly dues are about $500 a month?? 

1 10 My husband has been suffering from GI problems the last couple months. His Doctor referred him to see Dr. Chen. Booking an appointment was a breeze plus super nice staff. No attitude, no rudeness! :) The wait prior to the appointment was short. The website has all the forms you need which in convenient. He'll be have a procedure soon so I completed his pre-op paperwork using the website. The website was easy to navigate. Will update post after procedure!


