 ###### Food  negative ######
1 1 There wasn't one specific thing that made this buffet so horrible... It's just the accumulation of everything being less than average quality. There are plenty of options, but none of them were flavorful, hot, or worth filling up on.  Some others have commented on the dessert section being worthwhile, but to us everything tasted unthawed and on the stale side. The Asian section had probably the best offerings but all were still fairly bland.  The worst part is that when I was going to grab a slice from the pizza station, someone had placed the tongs directly on TOP of the pizza... So all the hand germs were in direct contact with the food! There were two workers right there who didn't think this was disgusting.. I would have discarded the slices.  My husband and I both left with unsatisfied stomachs and looked forward to the second dinner we would have a few hours later at a much better establishment.

1 2 I'm a Cleveland local who travels monthly for work. I have to say that now that my horizons have been broadened by other airport experiences I have to put CLE ( Cleveland Hopkins) as just plain average if not slightly below average.  Compared to other similar sized airports it just seems dingy and blah  Our airport is just so Outdated! Sad but true!  Dingy concourses, drab and downright depressing. I always feel badly for those with mobility limitations trying to get to the end of the c concourse. People movers would be great but clearly the walkways aren't wide enough.   Passenger waiting areas are so ancient. For gosh sakes trying to find a plug to charge phones, tablets, laptops is almost impossible to locate.  The food choices are sporadic, limited and boring.  The welcome for new airport travelers is just not welcoming.  Reading articles about possible new airports in Pittsburgh and Columbus may lessen travelers willing to use our airport. We really need a new airport or a massive

1 3 I was staying across the street at the Wynn and my post-Disneyland Half Marathon legs weren't really up for a lot of walking, so I suggested we check out TI for dinner. I think the buffet at Treasure Island used to be called Dishes or something and I remembered it being pretty good. Unfortunately, "The Buffet" as it's now known has declined quite a bit in quality.  First, all of the meats are pre-sliced which is crazy. The slices of prime rib were totally dried out and starting to turn grey. The turkey fared a little better, but gravy rescues pretty much everything although either the turkey or gravy was very salty. Speaking of salty, I was curious to try the pho which was, you guessed it, super salty. There is no salad bar here and instead you can get various salads made that looked really good - too bad no one was manning the counter. And finally, the most ridiculous thing of all was the pre-scooped ice cream in dishes which had melted into a soup. On the plus side, the crab legs wer

0 4 I grew up in CLE and have flown out of here a few times - I can confirm:  THIS AIRPORT IS CONSTANTLY UNDER CONSTRUCTION! If it makes sense, you can fly out of Akron-Canton which is cheaper, smaller and less hassle. I do always look forward to CLE food though and the airport has a few local staples: Panini's & Great Lakes Brewing to name a couple. 

1 5 My aunt recommended this place to me because she said this was her favorite place to get fries. I guess I should have realized that the fries probably just impressed her more than the actual seafood. I ordered the jumbo fried shrimp plate and got the fries with it. The shrimp was good but not great, the fries were really nothing special. The waitress I had was kind of weird and a bit rude even if she wasn't trying to be. The whole experience was just kind of odd.

1 6 This buffet was kind of a let down for me.  I was really exited to go to a buffet that had all of my favorites.  Pho, a coffee station and I've heard from my Yelpers that they had cotton candy too.   I'll start with the pho, it was horrible.  I don't see how they can even get away with calling it that.  The so called tendon was actually huge fatty chunks of beef most people use for pot roasts.  They had no hoisen sauce, hot sauce or sprouts.  The noodles were super small and tasted funny.  I can't even be certain they were rice noodles.  Two bites in and I was done.  I found the coffee station but the machine was broken.  A little screen informed me only hot water was available.  That's okay, I was allowed to have two whole iced teas before the waiter pulled a dissapearing act.    The dessert bar is the best one I have seen at a buffet.  Chocolate covered strawberries, fresh made baby doughnuts, hand scooped ice cream are just a few of the treats here.  I asked about the cotton candy b

1 7 The food was Terrible, everything seemed frozen and reheated in a microwave. I went for brunch so I tasted their breakfast it was disgusting and their lunch was the same. Not too much to choose from and what they have is not worth it not even the desserts were good. Don't waste your money here go to the one in Cesar palace is more expensive but it's so worth it you won't be sorry. This ones just leaves you with a bad taste in your mouth

1 8 Ended up eating from here by accident, but I'm glad I did. I tried the baby shrimp, the whiting, and chicken tenders. While the chicken tenders were your normal chicken tenders, the shrimp and the whiting were very good. I also had a baked potato and hush puppies which were both really good. Your meal comes with slaw which tasted pretty good but not the best. Will definitely be returning to try other things on the menu. 

0 20 Very nice place.  Super busy here I must say, which is a fabulous thing. Valet was a little slow bringing my car around but overall nice place.

0 10 Ok, it was just OK, our buffet was $22.95 or $23.95 during the week and it was more when I went on Sunday. Bothe days I ate there it was good, just good. Decent variety, but just not quite a 4 star. The Permill in Reno has a 4 star buffett.

0 11 2.5-3 stars  On our last day, we decided to try out The Buffet. Being guests at the hotel, you receive a 2-for-1 coupon Monday-Friday for the buffet. With the coupon, we paid $20 for two people however without the coupon, it's $18-20 per person for breakfast or lunch.  For being a buffet in Vegas, in a major hotel/resort, I was expecting so much more. Yes, they had a pretty good selection of foods, from American to International, but I feel like they didn't go the extra mile like other buffets would.  The boy and I were immediately drawn to the BBQ station, we had: -Pulled Pork -Cornbread -Biscuits -Mashed Potatoes -Macaroni & Cheese -BBQ Chicken  Our favorites were the pulled pork, BBQ chicken, mashed potatoes, and the cornbread. Both the pulled pork and chicken had great sauces and were both sweet and spicy. The mashed potatoes were good, really fluffy. Cornbread was sweet and moist, I was so happy that it wasn't dry! The macaroni & cheese wasn't that great to me, maybe it was the ty 

0 7 What can I say.... I love this place.  It ain't no meat market or club scene where it's really loud.  It's a nice environment with nice chairs and VIP seating.  The dance floor is a good size and the DJ's are good too.  (When you can have the dance floor packed then you're doing your job.) Drinks can get expensive but just pre-party and play slots before entering.    Never a dull moment! When I'm in Vegas this is a place I'd like to hangout at rather than going to a nightclub. 

1 12 Pretty much bad all around and considerably worse than I remember. I've been here before and decided to drop in again this past weekend b/c of a 2 for 1 coupon I got with my room. We came in for dinner so maybe thats why everything tasted bad....or maybe its actually bad...  Overall selection of food was pretty limited.  The Sushi: The rice was old. I mean there was no other way to say it. It was not fresh rice. If I make rice at home and 4 days later I unplug the rice cooker and leave the lid all the way open for 24 hours because i'm dumb like that, then slap a piece of fish on that crusty left-over rice and put it in the fridge for 2 hours to make it extra cold, then I'll have the same kind of sushi as I had at TI. It was bad.  The sea food was ok I guess. None of it tasted really fresh and it was all heavily seasoned/baked/slathered with stuff.  The crab legs were decent.  The potatoes tasted like they had been sitting out there for quite a while.  I couldn't bring myself to eat the

1 13 The best buffet in town for cotton candy. Actually, this is probably the only buffet that offers cotton candy in their dessert section.  The food is either bland, cold, or stale. Service is ah-okay. I feel bad for the tourists that come here and pays $30 to eat here. It's not really worth it.   Even though the food was kinda dry, the best dishes they had were the Indian food. Tikka masala, spicy lentil and chicken masala were the best (but no as good as other places).   I also tried the Singapore noodles, kalbi, orange chicken, vegetable roll, chicken fried steak, baked chicken, potato salad, sushi and pizza -- all were very much disappointing.   I would definitely come back, actually, I wouldn't.

1 17 It's better place to wait then downstairs, but the food isn't that good. We came here in the am and there are usual sausages, eggs, harsh Browns ....  I was hoping there's pancakes :(

1 19 Not bad but not the best I've been to.cheap but not a massive selection, this buffet is pretty small compared to others. Service was slow too even though it wasn't that busy. Food was all healthy which I liked- no fried foods etc. desserts were the nicest I've seen so far

1 21 Second buffet stop in my 5 day stay.  The highlight of the restaurant had to be the fire alarm that rang out in the middle of our lunch. Heh, dunno what happened there.  All that aside, the food itself was below average to average. Probably the only thing I liked was the Har Gow. The dessert was loathful; leaving it out in the open for what seemed like for hours (the colours look way off). I didn't bother touching it, as who knows what kind of bacteria has grown in those things...

0 22 I only had one reason to go here! It was free!!! One of the perks (or caveats) of being a frequent homeless flyer.  The biggest problem: there is a real chance of you missing your flight because the elevator line-up is longer than the bread lines during the Great Depression! And don't bother asking the poor ladies at the front desk where the stairs are, because there aren't any!  The lounge is usually packed which is no wonder given the fact that everyone with an American Express (or a TD visa card) can now get in for free! The frequent announcements certainly don't help with the noise level.   Can't complain about the free food and booze though! 

1 24 I have to do 2 reviews because each part is so very different. First the food.  I had the wings first and they were horrible.  Almost all batter.  Flavor was average and not unique at all. After returning most of my order I decided to try the chips, salsa and guac.  They can't mess that up RIght?  Wrong...  So disappointed. Salsa was like eating a bad watered down tomato sauce and the guac had zero flavor.  The only thing right about it was that it was chilled. The pool is a great but they need serious help with the food.

1 25 Let me just say that I hate buffets and only go if i am dragged by someone. The reason why I hate it so much is because nothing ever quite tastes right. I rather get one solid meal that I like than a bunch of little things that I don't like. This buffet is a tad bit different than the typical one because you can make your own salad and they have cotton candy.  However, the only thing I liked were the eggs as they were made right in front of my eyes in a way that I like.  Even the salad that the lady made for me was weird in taste....and how do you screw up a salad? Not my cup of tea.

1 27 Nice hotel, horrible buffet!! Barely gets a star! All the food was cold and not fresh. The only decent tasting things were the pasta bar (lobster ravoli), some of the sushi rolls, the orange chicken and the shrimp noodle soup. Everything else was very ehhh - pho soup tasted like disinfectant, the "mexican food" was not tasty, the salads were old and the desserts were bland.  You would think in a nice hotel the buffet would be good but apparently not. I actually think that Hometown buffet or Sizzler is better!  Even with a two for one, I don't think this place is worth it.

1 30 server was nice, grilled salmon (slightly overcooked) shrimp was good. Baked sweet potato was too mushy/almost watery. very plain iceberg salad, got me sick to my tummy.

0 32 How should I say this. I guess this one would be an exception. This time I'm not writing this place for review, but rather as a warning. Please stay away from this buffet place. The food quality and the taste was, hm.. Let see, I thought there wouldn't be any buffet that could be worst than chinese buffet or, Circus circus buffet. Apparently this one is. So, if you are planning to have a meal here, avoided it at all cost.

1 34 Went here before we hit the road back to L.A   $25 a person during lunch hours. The food was..good. Not the best buffet in the world, but it was enjoyable! Their cheesy potatoes were my faaavorite. It had this certain flavor to it that was really good.   Had different international foods..not such a big selection, but yknow, pretty good.   What ruined my meal were these 3 Hispanic girls cackling non-stop behind me. Er.

1 37 Thank goodness I had the 2 for 1 voucher for staying at this hotel. Otherwise I would be pretty upset for paying $23.99 for the measly selections they had. I mean I am not even too happy paying 1/2 of that for what they had but if im comparing to what I would pay eating at a sit down restaurant then fine, Ill give them that.  All I saw was like 2 different salad bars? They barely have much selections already and you need 2 different salad bars? I mean they had different types of salads that they would mix for you making it fancy and all but really...2 different salad bars?  The kind of selections they had was not much different than your traditional hometown buffet or golden corral buffet chains. Ok fine, maybe their pasta selections made to order was better but that's about it. The dessert was not much better either. All I saw was a lot of pies and small donuts (cinnamon sugar, powder sugar, chocolate and maple). Their ice cream was half melted when given to me. Thats gross. Only best

1 39 well, wifi is not for free. Food sucks. Far from downtown but you can take either monorail or bus.

1 41 Lots of vegetarian options here. But the menu logo is wrong is several spots (a ham appetizer is labeled "vegetarian" but a veggie quinoa bowl is not?)   Unfortunately the food is disappointing. The Nutella pancakes were dry and too big for the plate. The eggs any style were boring. The Adega burger, I'm told, was a weird mix if flavors. And the service was very spotty: friendly but inattentive.

1 42 I've been here about 3 times... and it is probably the biggest gamble you will make in Vegas. If you step foot into this place, its a risk that would be equivalent to doubling down on a 20.  Anyhow, I've gotten sick here literally everytime that I've been. Something is not right about the food here and nothing about the food pops out. It's a bit on the smaller side, you'll notice walking to every stand whereas other buffets will make you take a few trips before you've seen everything. I think we've only gone here for sheer convenience... poor stomach, how I have wronged you so!  I was upset because they took away the smoked salmon a lot earlier than they should have and to top it off, they said come back in 5 minutes for some more only for it to be replaced by some generic dish I could easily get at Hometown Buffet.  I'm glad the last time I came here I got the champagne brunch because if I was a bit more cognizant of everything going on, I would have definitely been more upset.   Avoi

0 43 On the plus side, Cleveland airport is never so crowded you immediately go into palpitations thinking you're going to miss your flight. On the downside, you're flying out of Cleveland and your flight probably cost you upwards of $300 at least. Oh and you have 2 layovers.  However, I really like the buffalo chicken burrito at Currito, while you wait, you can get a brew at Great Lakes, and hello to that new (?) gelato place! 

1 44 As far as terminals go, there is some art, there is not much space, there are not many chargers, not many food options, but it isn't too spread out..  The bathroom situation is terrible however, there are just a few stalls for the 100s of people.  I walked to the administrative office area under the terminal which is strangely not off limits (you are looking in people's offices) and there were 2 stalls there that nobody seemed to know about, perfect but shady.


 ###### Food  positive ######
1 2 Decent airport.   It has some moving floors, escalators, some food and coffee and best of all, giant paper airplanes.   http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4IGaWH9jUYMtP2uHIFEqFQ?select=S1JU1TeGpp92Mzy7E7qFGg  I enjoyed my 45 minute layover here.

1 3 I was here for two breakfasts and one lunch. Both were okay and some of the selections tasted better than others. That could be said about any restaurant or buffet, of course.  The Eggs Benedict was pretty good if you got a piece with a thick slice of ham on it. I liked the scrambled eggs, which weren't overcooked. The desserts were delicious. Nothing like a strawberry shortcake parfait for breakfast! Remember to go toward the dessert area for cold cereals and fresh fruit.   This was much more cost effective than The Coffee Shop restaurant also located inside Treasure Island.   I would come to this buffet again if I stayed at Treasure Island agani.

1 10 Breakfast Buffet on a Tuesday morning. Very good food even had sushi, omelette bar, fruit, granola & much more. We arrived at 10:30 so we were able to eat breakfast & lunch as lunch starts @ 11:00. Great wait staff. And many good things to eat with some not too good things like the dry cheese blitzes & the asiam congi very very salty asian rice. Over pretty good breakfast buffet with home made donuts, with 2 for 1 coupon. $20.00 for two ppl.

1 11 Location is perfect! Rooms are small, but nice and clean with comfy beds. WiFi is extra. Food in the restaurant downstairs is good, and lots of healthy options

1 16 Recently stayed here for an anniversary staycation and had a nice time! The pool was our favorite part of our stay--we spent hours swimming and lounging by the pool, enjoying drinks and having a few appetizers. The staff working the pool area were awesome & very attentive.   The hotel itself is beautifully modern and well-designed. It feels like staying in an art gallery! Our room was gorgeous and decorated with monochromatic interior design pieces, and the shower/vanity was beautiful too.  Hearth 61, the hotel restaurant, was so delicious! But be aware--these are definitely some Scottsdale prices! You may have come for the cheap summer rates, but you'll get sticker shock when you see how expensive even breakfast is. But is it worth it?! YES! Everything was impeccably cooked and seasoned, and we will be back to their restaurant for sure (for a special occasion, of course). The views of the mountain and pool area from the restaurant are simply stunning.   The main reason I'm giving 4 st

1 18 New to the area and looking for seafood.  Saw the sign and did a quick Yelp check.  It fit the bill perfectly!  I had fried shrimp and cod combo my husband had the grilled plater both were very good.  We'll be back.

1 19 Bottomless Brunch is where it's at! All you can drink Bloody Mary's, Mimosas, and Miller Light plus an entree for $28! Service and food is delicious.

1 22 Stopped by this beautiful modern resort one morning to meet up with a group for lunch and a view of scenery. I must say the views here are spectacular! Everything from the resort, the art work and the outdoor views are breathtaking. I was able to capture some awesome photos here.   The artwork on the wall is very unique and definitely my kind of style and vibe. I took mental notes for decorating ideas. I've seen pictures of this resort online and it would be a great spot for an outdoor wedding.   All of the hors d'oeuveres, hamachi, and charcuterie boards we had were delicious! I noticed there is also a bar here and a gift shop. I am highly interested in a weekend stay here soon!

1 26 This place is a classic! I always visit this casinos when im downtown. The drinks at the bar are better than other places downtown,  the steakhouse and cafe are amazing! The rooms here are older, but clean and worth the money

1 28 First, I  didn't have a room in this hotel., but I have been to the hotel casino 3 times.  The casino is nice and pretty big.  nice selection of video slots.  Great buffet and Benihana restaurant as well.  the pool area looks pretty cool, too.  Best parts... Not too crowded and on the city monorail that runs along the whole strip.  Gave it 3 stars also, but this place is way better than the Riviera.    I would really give the LVH 3.5 stars.

1 31 There are two redeeming graces for this Las Vegas casino: its has a great view of the Turnberry Suites and it has great restaurants. Other than that, don't bother.

1 34 It's much cheaper than other buffets I believe $13 for lunch (or about $17 with unlimited sparking champagne that's pretty good), and $26 for dinner. I stay away from the filler carbs and go straight to the mexican, bbq, italian, and chinese food. Surprisingly the best thing here are the black pepper beef ribs. They are absolutely amazing. I've been here twice and had plate after plate of it. The pastas are good too, mix then with the brisket and ribs with tangy bbq sauce and it's great. Service is very friendly and deserves a tip as well. When you're done the dessert section is to die for. A million flavors of ice cream and yogurt, chocolate covered strawberries, it's fantastic. A great buffet in Vegas that won't break the bank either. I like lunch here most.

1 37 I used to really like this lounge because it was nice and quiet, seats were comfortable, and there was a great variety of food.  Over the past couple of years, because more and more people have access to this lounge, it has become more and more mainstream and it is actually becoming quite crowded.    There is still a variety of alcohol for you to choose from and some snacks/pastries/soup/etc. depending on what time of the day you get there.    Wifi is complimentary - no need to contact front desk now.

1 45 This review is for the Maple Leaf Lounge serving the international gates here at Pearson. There's a decent food spread, featuring both hot and cold items at all times of the day - enough to make a mini-meal of things, especially if you've rushed to the airport for a late morning / midday flight without having had breakfast. There's also a decent self-serve selection of beer, wine, and other drinks, not to mention lots of room everywhere to spread out.   While this location is not quite up to the standard of overseas airline lounges such as those from Singapore, ANA, or even BA, it's still a huge step up from the mediocrity of US airline lounges, and it gets the job done fairly well.

1 47 We stayed at TI and got a package which included a 2 for $1 buffet and TI is conveniently located and so is the buffet.  Good deal if you are going with a 2 for 1.  Best items on the buffet are the salad bar where they toss you a salad and ask you want you would like in it.  We had the spinach salad with almonds, bacon bits, guacamole, red onions, eggs with Italian on the side.  Hard to eat healthy at a buffet but they had collard greens, kale salad, mashed sweet potato, lobster ravioli and creme brulee as one of the desserts.

1 49 We had William as a waiter he was batting a thousand one hundred and 10% the food was fantastic the atmosphere was phenomenal and the wine was exceptional

1 50 Cleveland Hopkins Int'l Airport is a decent way to get to where you're going. It is a mid-size airport, with four easy to navigate terminals. Continental uses Cleveland as one of their three hubs, so there are plentiful non-stop flights around North America, with a few to Europe. The staff are friendly and the security people for the most part seem to be friendly too, although I've had some bad security experiences. There are a few sit down restaurants scattered throughout the airport, as well as several newsstands and a few small stores, such as Brookstone. Food is plentiful too. My biggest criticism is how bland the airport is. I've been in some airports that have been visually pleasing and Cleveland just isn't. Overall, Hopkins Airport is an easy airport to navigate and a good way to get to where you're going.

1 45 Food options have gotten better over the past few years. Security check points usually go pretty quickly 


 ###### Price  negative ######
1 1 This actually used to be one of my favorite hotel/casinos back in the day.  Oh, how things have changed.  There are some goods, however.  If you are a conventioneer, you have instant and direct walking access to the main convention center.  But don't think about parking here for said conventions.  $30 a day for parking, Hilton?  Seriously?  That's robbery.  And greed.  The biggest disappointment is the killing off of Star Trek: The Experience over two years ago.  Despite this place being off-Strip, I made it a point to go here because they had such a fun and unique attraction here.  It would be one thing if they had something in mind to replace it, but either poor planning or the economy.... It's dead, Jim.   The "Space Lounge" is still there.  An entire casino area with a heavy sci-fi theme to it.  Except there's no casino here.  It's a huge space themed area with a ghost town bar, no slots, a few couches, a makeshift stage, beer signs, and a few remnants of Star Trek themes.  All of  

1 2 I stayed here back in April. Friday-Sunday. It's a nice hotel and the room had a great view. This is just another building that is part of the Palms. It has no casino and is just used for rooms.   We had the two room suite with 3 bathrooms, and 2 full kitchens. The main bathroom had a huge shower. I swear you can fit around 12+ people if thats what you want to do ;) They also have a tub in the middle of the room so you can watch your girl take a bath? lol The place was beautiful but was it worth the $2000?? I'd say yes, but the only major downside is that it's far from the strip. Would I do it again? Probably not since you can get a nice suite for the same price at a nice hotel and be on the strip. Another downside was that you cannot go out onto the patio. They lock all the sliding doors. That was a big downside for me!

1 5 It's a NICE center bar, but it's still just a center bar.  My friends and I have been here quite a few times, and it's great that there's no cover for a spot that seems very loungy, but the drinks are ridiculously overpriced.  I paid $12 for a Crown Royal & coke, which is more than I paid for the same cocktail at one of Mandalay Bay's clubs.  Pass.

0 2 Hilton is off the strip but accessible by the monorail.  Came in a few years back for a conference, and we brought family there for the Star Trek adventure.  Today, the place is quiet, no one is up yet and the casino floor is empty.    For a small price, we can ride the rail, stop and get off when you want and then get back on.  Parking is free at the Hilton, so the cost of the rail is all you'll be out.  Then you can beat the traffic jams at the major properties with limited access. 

1 7 I don't understand how a hotel with such a name can be so bad??.. So many people talk about The W like Drake for an example "I'm at the W but I can't meet you in the lobby" but this W isn't the same like the rest. The others are bigger and the rooms here just feel cheap. You're paying this high price for a room that's not even the size of a regular bedroom at home. They have LG TV's from like 2007. In this Scottsdale area you shouldn't have anything so cheap especially if your rooms are so expensive for no reason. They give a speaker that connects to IPhone 4's... Like? What? I stayed here randomly and didn't have a tooth brush guess what? They didn't have one either? With this W being in Old Town places with bars and clubs you'd expect them to have these things because a lot people get a room randomly and don't drive home so you should have these things for them. Also there are no balconies just a window that opens again doesn't make any sense. For the price I would say no. If you com

1 9 Ok so its outdated to say least understanding that its on Fremont however to know light in area's defiantly smokey in fact I someone using a mouth ventilation device like one's I seen in Asia. There are also little 25 cent's and 50 cent's slots mostly 1 cent slot machines there overall kinda out dated espic since the D is open witch I will review tom since lunch will be at Guy Fierri's new restaurant. They seemed to have a nice buffet espic offering prime rib at $9.95 witch is cheap even in AZ standards. I think maybe a upgrading in the casino floor is well overdue I probably wouldn't bring guest here to play espic after losing $100 bucks or so in abut 1/2 hr espic after playing at the plazza hotel and casino $100 bucks lasted me about 2 hrs on slot machines even had I even hit a small 1 cent price of 1,100 in pennies though lol. Anyways would be nice to lighten up the place meaning casino area, I have yet to check out rooms.

1 10 So this year, there was a Christmas Story House 5K/10K run that ran past (or ended if you ran the 5K) at The Christmas Story House.  After the race, I went to visit since my bib got me in for free.  Warning though, expect some lines for the house especially over the holidays.  The house itself is the most well kept part of the area (the area itself is kind of run down).  The house itself is a quick visit (especially for the admission fee).   Be sure to visit the museum across the street since you're there.  The shop is on the pricey side as well.  If you're a fan go for it I suppose, but not sure it's worth $10-20 admission fee if you have to pay

1 3 Hands down...my favorite affordable hotel in Las Vegas & I would absolutely stay here again.    I've never stayed at places like Bellagio or the Wynn because it's too expensive.  The Trump is an awesome hotel - you get the luxury for about half the price of other fancy hotels.    The GOOD: -The scent!  The very first thing you notice is the wonderful scent in the air...like gardenias.  It is literally a breath of fresh air and instantly takes you away from what you'll normally smell in Vegas - cigarette smoke.  -Beautifully decorated!  Everything is lovely here...all the marble, the gold, crystal lighting, etc.    -All rooms are suites with kitchenettes!  Rooms have one bed and a pull out sofa.  Nice sitting area, TV and a kitchenette in the standard suite.  Has an electric range, small fridge (great for drinks, water & leftovers), a coffee maker, toaster and microwave.  Cups, plates, bowls and utensils are provided and you can request pots and pans to cook with.  I love that we can ke

0 12 Nothing special here. Some lights, a DJ, a small dance area, mediocre drinks, decently priced for a place in the Mandalay Bay, and lots of sitting room.  Convenient for those staying at the Mandalay Bay or The Hotel and not too crowded (no cover, open seats available) but almost too loud for talking with friends.

1 13 I used to take the monorail here just to visit Star Trek:  The Experience.  Since they've shut that down, I really have no reason to return here.    Nothing else about the place really appealed to me at all.  Everytime I've checked their room rates online, they've been quite expensive for a hotel that's not actually on the strip.

0 13 So we got a room Wed for Fri the 17th. Less than 50 bucks after tax and all. Get there check in is pretty quick. Ended up having to go to back of casino take the elevator to the fifth floor walk across an Open Sky Way and stay in room that was more like a motel room. Didn't even know this part of the hotel existed. Have to say the Linens were clean the towels are clean the pillows were in good shape the tile was clean the furniture was a little bit dated unfortunately the heat was broken for the whole row and we nearly froze to death, they brought us extra blankets at 2 in the morning or were going to move us it was a huge pain in the ass and freezing. If the ice machine hadnt been broken and the heat had worked in our room it would have been fine but otherwise it was kind of a drag. 

0 5 I love coming here because I know the gambling is cheap and the casino isn't crowded.   If you're into glitz and glamor go elsewhere ... El Cortez is like the dive bar of casinos.    This a great place to learn to gamble too!!   I wouldn't get a room here though, no thank you, eww. 

1 15 I would say this hotel is a solid 3.5 stars! I was a bit nervous after reading some of the reviews but it is definitely NOT as bad as people make it out to be. I wouldn't dare compare it to Bellagio, Palazzo, Wynn...or any of those top notch hotels but in comparison to Riviera, Flamingo, Imperial, and those type of establishments...LVH holds up for sure! I've lodged in some of the best and worst hotels in Vegas and I would stay at LVH again solely on the quality that is given for the price. My bf and I paid $40/night (Thursday-Sunday). Can't find that bargain at Imperial which is such a trashy hotel. The rooms at LVH are big, clean, and the beds are very comfortable. The North Tower has all remodeled rooms but of course they are more expensive.   The hotel itself is not exciting but the Oasis club was poppin' on Friday night. They do have a HUGE sports book, the casino is not that big, and the buffet is a good deal. Checking in was flawless and they were friendly, I never waited more t

1 17 I liked this place!  I got one of the 'older' renovated rooms.... Loved it, clean, comfortable and roomy.  The only thing I didn't care for was the parking situation, Long walk through hotel unless you want to wait for valet.  Food in cafe was good though overpriced.

1 17 I was VERY nervous about getting a rental with this company as a) My dad has never heard of them and b)I read all the reviews online about them and most of them were negative  In any event, via Priceline, I scored a rental for $9/day. Dude. Can't beat that! My pick up time was 8AM on a Thursday, but I arrived an hour earlier. I explained that to the agent (after waiting 10 minutes for the people ahead of me to check in) but she was nice and stated that if the car is ready it's no problem. She asked me how many passengers I had (just one) and how much luggage we had (not much) so she stated she'd upgrade me to a convertible at no cost if I didn't mind. HELL I didn't mind! I'm in Vegas AND I get a convertible instead of a Kia?!? WOOHOO! Got my keys and headed down to the car... REDDISH/MAROON Mitsubishi convertible. YAYER!!! Car drove nicely with no issues.  On a side note... she did mention to me that there was a scratch on the vehicle on the front driver's side and that it was marked o 

1 18 I ended up overpaying. I went on Orbitz and got this as part of the package. I paid $15 with Orbitz and Grey Line only listed $12 for the Strip and $16 for Downtown.  But I also wished I had seen the small stack of non-impressed yelpers here before I went to Vegas. I arrived at midnight and still stood around for about half an hour to get a ride when there were 4  cars just sitting around. The ride was like sitting on public transportation.   The return trip was the worst. I had a 3:40pm flight; they wanted to pick me up at noon. Circus Circus is only 20 minutes away from the airport. I had to kill over 3 hours at the airport when check-in and everything took half an hour only.

0 19 You made my heart smile..  Twice!  Is that even possible.    Dinner was about $26 when we went on a Friday night.  But oh so tasty.  We had sushi, freshly made donuts, pizza (my favorite), hummus, pasta, BBQ that I couldn't get enough of, shrimp, chili, and much more.  They also had huge dessert bar with creme brulee, cake, cotton candy, fruit tarts.  And did I mention the freshly made donuts?    Brunch was slightly different and had more breakfast items.  I loved the omlete bar.  They also had waffles later on.  And yes, the donuts were in attandance.    They're open seven days a week.  Breakfast   7:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. Mon. - Fri.   Champagne Brunch 7:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Sat. - Sun.  Lunch 11:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. Mon. - Fri.  Dinner 4:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. Mon. - Thu.  4:00 p.m. to 10:30 p.m. Fri. - Sun.    BUFFET PRICES*: Breakfast, Monday - Friday: $13 Brunch, Saturday - Sunday: $17 Champagne Brunch, Saturday - Sunday: $20 Lunch, Monday - Friday: $16 Dinner, Monday - Thursday: $

1 20 3 stars for that super creepy, but awesome display of contraband they display at the security gate.  They have EVERY item you cannot take on the plane enclosed in a glass case. We're talking tweezers, hammers, every size knife imaginable, nun-chucks, grenades etc.  i would stare for hours but i don't want people to think i'm a a threat to their freedom...

1 24 We splurged on a studio room at Palms Place (yay for redeeming credit card points!!)  Why would I rate them 3 stars you ask?  Pros: -Smoke free rooms -Nice view in our studio room (51st floor strip view) -Kitchen with sink, stove, microwave, fridge and ice maker (ice maker didn't work) -Plenty of televisions (living room, bed, bathroom) -The pool area is nice for lounging, but too shallow for swimming  -There's a sky tube you can walk through to get from Palms Place to the casino so you don't have to walk against the elements outside (heat or rain)  Cons: -Room wasn't in the best condition (cracked fixtures and marble, etc) -Calling the front desk for help, but not getting a hold of someone after 20 minutes (fiancé gave up) -There's a full kitchen with stove, but no bowls or pots to actually make it useful -The ice maker in our room didn't work even after the technician came out -Balcony was locked for security reasons. Could have enjoyed the view more.   Overall the price for a studio

1 25 Maybe 3.5 stars.. Maybe it should cost $5 instead of $10 since the only part of the house that's true to the movie is the exterior. It's a little disappointing to learn that all of the interior shots were filmed on stage in Canada.. Though it makes sense because film equipment, especially then, was too big to fit inside this very small house. Still disappointing. Everything in the house is interactive, you can pick up the gun, put on hats, even put the soap in your mouth if you're ok with thousands of other people's teeth marks in it ;)   It's worth checking out just not 100% what I was expecting.  Oh, the museum is pretty cool!

0 26 This place has been going downhill for awhile and once the Star Trek Experience closed and the Star Trek Convention moved they lost their main tourist draws.  This place is off the strip and is getting rough around the edges.  I did win $300 on roulette here.

0 14 Total tourist trap rip off!   Food selections are way too small, dry, and not tasty at all. I'd rather have happy meals for money wasted here.  There was nothing to "wow" you at this location. Really.   Even with a few extra $, Venetian was better choice.

0 41 If you've gotta get around Calgary, particularly downtown where parking costs an arm and a leg assuming you even find a spot, why bang your head against your steering wheel when for a mere $2.50 you can hop a ride on the rails. After attempting to drive around downtown in Calgary rushhour traffic, I think you might agree with me that Transit may just be your best option to avoid frustration.   The transit is pretty good in this city - most routes head downtown where everyone works anyway, they're on time, and there's even transit lanes to help the bus go faster than any car could anyways.   The C-Train is a great option to move masses of people from the 'burbs to the bright lights of downtown, and with multiple Park & Ride stations where you can park for free, it's a great way to get from Point A to Point B. The only issue that I have is the late night cutoff time.  For some dumb reason, there is no transit available after 1:30am.  This poses a potential hazard and logistical issue for 

1 36 What an iconic property, The casino looks so classy. It seems the owners of this place do not realize its potential. No money has been pumped into making this a better place. The Casino is large, the buffet is good but pricey, and it has the biggest sportsbook in the city (if you like sports--i dont)  The Rooms are better than average and although some rooms received upgrades, some other areas of the property could use a refresh too.  The LVH is connected by monorail to the rest of town so transportation is no worries here. You can expect a good room and good stay

1 37 In true Trump fashion, everything was big, gaudy & gold.    Tried to get a tour of the rooms and amenities prior to our dinner, but they only give tours before 4pm.  I was semi-ticked, who the heck denies a client from checking out a room that they MAY be staying at?  Trump needs to market this place better and hire more front desk staff.  There was only one.    The lobby was not that impressive.  The space did not have proper separation.    Check out the bar if you're not going to stay, Trump has vodka, a rose & tequila, all branded with his name.    Rooms start @ $199/nt.

1 38 The Pamela Anderson of hotels. Looks really hot from a distance but, up close, shows her age, cracks, cheapness and is overshadowed by those half her age.   This place screams "only relevant because of our location next to the Convention Center!!!". Take your money elsewhere. You need a cab to get to a decent restaraunt. You might as well stay and eat  at a nice place and take a cab to the convention. My room was so tired and dirty with stains in the faded carpet including DNA from several generations. My sink would not drain and my toilet was difficult to flush. The grout in the shower was no longer white. The tv was a flatscreen but not HD. No iPod hookup, $14 per day for Internet, no minibar, cracked furniture, plastic wallpaper........crappy, overpriced restaurants through and through.......  UGH!   I'm done here.........

0 48 I may put more stars because I didn't really pay for the place, but looks wise it's beautiful.  We stayed at a studio suite which included a really comfortable king sized bed, a pull out couch, two big flat screen TVs right next to each other, a LONG desk/vanity/storage surface (bigggg plus and so convenient), TONS of closet space (3 closets) and an beautiful bathroom with an even better shower and bathtub area.  Beautiful wood floors, everything super clean and new looking- excellent.   I only have 2 and a half things to complain about: 1. it's not located on the strip and if you want to go to the main casino you have to walk through the dreaded SKY TUBE and 2. there's no balcony access. half- no doors on the toilet so you can't poop while someone's showering or putting make-up on..unless you're THAT comfortable.  Despite the "cons", if you take a taxi from palms place to the strip it's only about 12 bucks w/ TIP! (but we had a CRAZY taxi driver)

1 41 I wish I had seen the small stack of non-impressed yelpers here before I went to Vegas.   Instead, I just went to a random shuttle line and paid [for it in the end].  Similar what to everyone else said - the shuttle driver was significantly late and very rude.  Ours was scheduled to arrive at 2:25 pm, but it didn't show up until a little after 3 pm.   Although airport shuttles are the least expensive way to go, don't pay for round-trips and don't schedule a pickup. If you're staying at a big hotel (as I was at Circus Circus) there will be shuttles coming by at least every ten minutes trying to pickup passengers to take to the airport. And all the prices range around $6.00.   Gray Line's service was a huge disappointment though - and of course I wasn't allowed a refund.

1 44 This review is for the Shade Lounge. Overall it was a fun evening - great music, people watching and atmosphere around the pool. The drinks were somewhat overpriced, but otherwise I had a fun time and would definitely come back.

1 46 This place was OK but very over-priced for what you get. While we waited to check-in (only one clerk at the desk handling another couple and the phone - great first impression, Sofitel!), we looked around the lobby and it is really quite overdone and mismatched. Ugly mural on the wall and garish carpeting of two many colors to count. Finally, we were given our room key and we got onto the elevator. The elevators were worse than the lobby - just too much going on. Who designed this place? Fortunately the room was tastefully done and really had all the amenities we needed. The beds were super comfy - they had the soft mushy pad on top of the mattress that I could have melted into, it was really nice. Bathroom was nice - you can listen to the TV in there, and answer the phone, but not call out. Big tub and the shower had nice water pressure and heat. The toiletries provided included a nice loofah, and the shampoos and lotions were high-end French products from L'Occitane en Provence, if I

1 47 Got a good deal on Priceline ($97/week for an economy car).  The car seemed like it was on it's last leg.  I RARELY see rental cars with more than 20,000 miles on it.  Heck, they usually sell them at 15-16k miles.  However, this car was over 20k miles, looks like it had taken a beating a few times, and the engine would skip a few times before starting.  WTF?  Everytime I turned it on, I prayed that it would start.    One of the biggest turn offs was probably the lady helping me at the counter.  Why is it when I decline insurance (I have State Farm, I'm covered for rentals.  Thanks.), their whole attitude changes and they get very rude and pissy?  And then even more so when I decline your "cheaper" gas.  Why am I going to pay for a FULL tank of gas, when I only used HALF A TANK on my trip?  It took me less than $25 to refill the tank before returning it to Advantage.  I think the employees need to check their attitude.

1 48 Good to go to once...  TONS of tourists and its kinda pricey for what ya get.  Only the outside was used in the movie folks.  My friend donated her stove for the kitchen because it fit the time period...never got any thank-yous or even tickets.  :(  Im glad its another reason that people come and get to see a fun part of Cleveland!  But if ya wana go...ill just sit at the Rowley across the street and wait for ya!

0 49 Lol, NEVER RENT, CAUTION! Company got butt hurt over last comment even got a personal message by the company claiming that "I suck" and a "negative person". NEVER rent cars from this place. They have ridiculous policies regarding a 150 mile cap if you are a local. Iv rented cars for yrs and never came across something so far fetched in a car rental company. These ppl had no remorse that they have ruined the weekend trip. Was basically kicked out of line and told to go eles where. I went threw Priceline for the rental and even went online to look at this so called policy and I saw nothing listed stating these fun killing facts. Thank you Ez car rental. Hoped you enjoy killing ppl plans. 

0 14 ABSOLUTELY love this place! This place is like the MGM Signature or similar to something like the VDARA. Its more of a condo-like housing. Condo-like housing meaning nice furniture...multiple TVs in the room, a room that looks very expensive (but is decently priced), a place with cool showers and a bubble jet tub, a place with a refrigerator and a stovetop...yep this place has it all. LUXURY COUCH TOO...I might add.  Anyways...the downside to this place...is that its a bit of a walk to the PALMS aka the casino. In all honesty, its not even that bad of a walk. The pool at the PALMS PLACE is also very cool as well. Its a smaller setting...it gives a more intimate and more exclusive feeling...WHICH IS SOMETHING THAT I LOVE.   I CAME HERE FOR EDC LAS VEGAS WEEKEND...WOOT WOOT! I stayed at the PALMS for the first two nights and then moved to the PALMS PLACE for the 3rd night....and yes...even though staying at the PALMS was cool (cuz it was closer to the casino)...I WOULD RATHER STAY AT THE 

0 17 Old casino, SUPER LOW minimums on tables, and drinks at the bar are CHEAP!  The only thing is....you can't breathe well in there.... 

0 26 I'm not huge on eating at buffets, especially not after losing all the weight I've lost. But sometimes you just have to do it. Sometimes you want the whole "Las Vegas Experience" so you do it.   It was Memorial day, so the price was $25.90, tax included. It was for lunch and there was just about anything you can imagine, from barbecue, to sushi (not gonna eat it, sorry) to made to order Chinese and salad, fresh baked pizza and grilled burgers. It's all there on the bar, some areas seemed thin and/or not in use and that's Ok.   The drinks were found in the center and I was THRILLED that they offered Stubborn Soda, which is absolutely delicious in flavour. They also offered a flavoured water/energy drink but the flavours on that were so saturated that I had to water it down.   The desert bar was kinda.. meh? That's where I expect a buffet to excel, but nope, the chocolate cream pie tasted store bought as did the eclairs (Which if you wanted to you could buy them for $2.50 each.. uh.. no) 

0 36 Horrid that the owners are letting this property literally go to waste.  Have been the last couple years for March Maddness, and they haven't put a DIME into this place.  It's depressing.  We are talking Excalibur-like.  Smelly, dirty, and, worst of all, literally EVERY SINGLE EMPLOYEE IS SAD/DEPRESSED/SLOW/DOESN'T CARE/UPSET WITH MANAGEMENT/etc.  Whoever owns this hotel is running it into the ground on purpose for some reason.  I can't explain it.  There are SO many money-making opportunities they aren't taking advantage of.  The food options, coffee options, etc., etc., are just SO subpar this place will quickly end up like the Sahara across the street.  Headed for implosion.  Pool is embarrassing as well.  Rooms in the North Tower are OK.  Frequented by hookers.  NO SECURITY in the halls, at elevator banks, etc.  Anyone can go anywhere.  There are NO security cameras in the hallways, so be on-guard. 

0 25 Based on a quick check of the five star hotels in Vegas right before Memorial Day weekend, the Trump was the cheapest option, so away I went.    The hotel, and the rooms, are beautiful. It's described as "off the strip", but it's not far.  It was a 5 minute walk or so to the Wynn, and probably 10-15  to the Palazzo or Venitian.  Where it is right across from, however, is the Fashion Show Mall, which may or may not be a plus.    What is a plus to me, maybe not to others, is the fact that this hotel doesn't have a casino.  This property was a failed condominium project that almost went under and was converted to a hotel when the real estate market dropped after 2007.  It has a small pool area, a so-so spa, a nice fitness center, a tiny bar, and a small restaurant.    The rooms, as mentioned, are gorgeous, and the bathrooms are huge. (I was expecting a tacky gold gilding and mirrors look from Trump).  Definitely a location to relax at while you're in the room, and cab or hoof it when you 

0 31 This hotel was really nice. It's right next to the palms, and I found a room for $59 while looking on hotels.com. Of course, once the taxes and "resort fee" were added it came to around $80, but still worth the price.   We stayed overnight as a "staycation" at the studio suite which is 600 sq ft. It comes with a little kitchen, complete with stove, dishwasher, fridge, blender, toaster, etc.   The mini bar was stocked! But beware! They have weight sensors so when I picked up one of the bottles to look at it, i put it back but there was a chance I could have been charged for it.   The design is very modern & contemporary. 2 TV's, a couch/sofa bed, an amazing bathroom (the jacuzzi tub is to die for & big enough for 2 ;)) and we were on the 32nd floor with a strip view so at nightp it was an amazing sight to behold. They is a balcony, but they're locked & you can't access them which bummed is out a lot because we wanted to experience the view better, but I understand why they do that.   It' 

0 34 I rent from these guys every month and have never had a problem. This last time they refused me because my insurance card showed a Nevada address, but my license is from California. So he assumes I am lying about being out of state and won't let me rent the car unless he rents it to me as a local renter, which has limited miles. I ask him why I have never had a problem renting before and he says they cracked down and are more strict. Well, you lost a customer. They get 1 star for low prices. 

1 35 This review is based strictly on the casino as I did not stay here. After touring the Neon Museum (see review) I really wanted to see one of the legit old school casinoes. So here we arrived at El Cortez at around 11 AM. The place was already busy with players, and I am going out on a limb here, but I think they may be locals. Easter Sunday morning and the beers were flowing and the slots were working their own special magic. I played my lucky Cleopatra and learned that a 1 cent slot machine here literaly means you can play a penny a spin! I like that price as it increases my time to get comped drinks, to soak up the atmosphere and people watch without blowing my gambling budget too fast! All in all, this place is worth checking out! 

0 38 This is probably more like 2.5 stars to me, but it's fine.  Showtime is one of the best-priced shuttles that I saw on my last visit, at $14 roundtrip, and it gets you where you need to go.  The routes are efficient from a logistical perspective, but may not go the direction you expect -- what you assume will be first may actually be last because of traffic patterns.  I was most disappointed that the pickup time was so early -- I arrived at the airport more than three hours before my flight -- which effectively cut time out of the end of my vacation. 

0 42 So spur of the moment, we decided to just do a staycation here on a Sunday.   The price was very reasonable for the room that we got. I really liked the room. The bathroom was nice and the bed was very comfy. We had our dogs with us so I'm glad that the hotel was dog friendly. The downside for me was that I wish they would've given us a room maybe on the first floor. With two dogs, being on the third or fourth floor, it was very inconvenient for us every time we had to take them out to the bathroom. Especially if it was in the middle of the night. Also, we ordered room service. About 30 minutes or so passed and we were still waiting for our food. When we called them, they forgot what our order was. 1. why wouldn't you have written it down. and 2. why wouldn't you call us back and ask us what our order was instead of having us wait. However, to make up for it, we ended up getting our order for free.   The other downside was that their parking lot is extremely small, so if you can't find

1 48 To me, the main purpose of a hotel room is for sleeping  Most of the time should be spent out and about exploring.  Which is one reason why I like El Cortez.  I stayed here on a Monday, so it only cost me $32, which I thought is a pretty good deal. The other thing I like about this hotel is that the cost they give you is the total price. There is no additional facility fee or whatever else they tack on to it.  The location is also great because it's in the heart of Downtown Vegas on Fremont St.  It's within walking distance of a lot of restaurants and bars.    I originally booked a non-smoking vintage room, but they were out of those, so they upgraded me to a Towers room.  Now, the casino itself isn't as nice and upscale as those on the strip, but I'd pick a place like this over the crazy, loud, overpriced, overhyped hotels on the strip.  Plus, I don't gamble, so it doesn't affect me.  Anyway, I was surprised at how big the room is. Especially for the price.  There were two full size b 


 ###### Price  positive ######
1 1 After reading some of the reviews here, I'm wondering if I stayed in the same hotel.  Stayed here one night, 7/15, got an incredible price ($18!), fantastic room on the 26th floor, and couldn't have been more pleased.  As a local you get 25% off the food automatically, only one I consumed was the Sunday dinner buffet, and it was really good.  Gambling doesn't interest me, and I didn't come here to dine, but as far as a place to stay, it was an incredible deal.  Room was clean, nice, great view. loved the built in table along the length of the window (I even saw my laptops smile).  Great bargain, no resort fees, good base to take off from...

1 4 really spacious room cheaper price bc it is off the strip. but really disappointed at its cleanliness. found used shower cap in a cabin and dirty stain on the bed sheet. black stain on the side of the door. made me wonder did they really clean the room or not.  the decoration seem modern and nice but when i paid a closer look at the pillow, they seem really old and never get replaced. dont think i would come back again.. 

1 6 Not being an avid seafood fan...it's gonna be hard to get me excited enough for four or more stars, but this place is okay for fish I suppose.  HUGE portions, decently priced and very busy!  I had fried shrimp, crab cake and flounder (I think). I ate th shrimp and crab cake and passed off the fish, just not being a fan, and not having room after eating lots of yummy hushpuppies...not the best I've ever had, but very good!  Great for a group, plenty of room and our waitress was super friendly and made suggestions from the specials and for the seniors in our group to save a few $.  If you are looking for seafood locally, give it a try... 

1 4 Although this hotel is not on the strip, it's actually very nice hotel and with good customer service. Checkin procedure is quick, and the elevator was fast too. The room is very big with two TV and the sofa too. Nice view also. Their price is very reasonable too.

1 6 Got a great deal with their 600 square feet studio suite on Vegas.com for $69 for two nights (although it was a mid week booking). The room was huge for a single occupant. Came with a kitchen, fridge, electric stove, a jacuzzi tub, a huge walk in shower with the rain style shower head and a separate removable shower head to boot. A living room area was also in the suite, big comfy bed, and two large lcd screen tv's. There was also one mini tv in the bathroom. Oak flooring, cabinets, and modern style furniture. I got a view of the strip facing side of the building. The few let downs: balcony access was locked, and the jacuzzi tub part didn't work for the tub for some weird reason on day 1. On day 2 it suddenly came on when I tried it again.  The room was comfortable and big enough to let 4 people sleep there if you had that many in your room. Room cleaning was decent but a few minor details were missed...one trash can still had trash in it and the rug portion of the living room looked l

0 29 Great deal.  We stayed Memorial Day weekend for 3 days for $139 which included 2 buffet passes, spa passes, and voucher for 2 free cocktails. Buffet isn't awesome, but you sure won't wait as long as you will at any of the big casinos. Our room shower was very slow to drain and after the second day I called and they promptly came and fixed it.  If you don't absolutely need fresh towels and your bed made, use  the Go Green option and get a $10 voucher to use at any of the hotel's facilities. We used one at the buffet, and two at one time at the coffee shop on the day of checkout. 

0 31 http://www.lvhilton.com/entertainment/theater.shtml I love the Hilton Theater, 1700 seats and you feel very intimate with the performers.  Went to see Earth, Wind, and Fire and the Commodores and it was thoroughly enjoyable compared to the vastness of Mandalay Bay stadium.  The BORG Invasion 4D/Klingon Encounter/History of the Future Museum Pass would be only a 2 star for $38! 

1 32 I have to preface: If I were staying here for less than a week, there would be one less star. But I stayed here for 3 weeks and when I consider the bigger picture, this place was near-perfect. I also stayed here in the height Summer, and secured a $79/night seasonal rate. For that price, this place is literally 5-stars! My only qualm is that the quality of my bed was lower than desired as I do keep a nice memory foam bed at home ;).   As a rule of thumb, Hyatt Summerfield Suites is my companies long-term corporate housing of choice in Scottsdale. They offer apartment like living quarters in a very central location. Service is great, and they have some unique amenities that make long-term housing a little easier: full kitchens, walk-in closets, sofa-beds for guests, weekday breakfast bar, weekday happy hours with apps, as well as the typical hotel amenities.   If you need to stay somewhere for 2+ weeks, and don't have an unlimited budget, consider Summerfield! 

1 8 Off the strip but close enough to the Wynn and Encore that it almost doesn't matter. Everything here is top notch and for the price The Trump simply can't be beat (especially if you book through Priceline or Hotwire). Its also worth noting that there is a $25 resort fee that is charged upon arrival so keep that in mind, but it does provide you with wifi, gym access, and some other random amenities that I'm sure are pretty cool  In my opinion its the perfect place to stay, especially if you're partying at XS, Tryst, or Surrender because you can avoid the awful hour long taxi line and walk your butt back home and watch the sunrise from your balcony.  Also since its an all suite hotel you also have a mini kitchen, a refrigerator, and a little lounge area for you to watch TV and relax. The bathrooms are pretty badass too!  There's a TV in the mirror and its fucking HUGE (bigger than most bedrooms)!  And that's not even the best part!  Aside from everything that I mentioned above The Trump 

1 9 Because we stayed at Trump on weekdays, we were able to stay at a much more affordable price compared to staying over the weekend. When we were checking in, the front desk was very generous and upgraded us to a corner suite instead of the regular suite.  The main lobby is simply beautiful, with gold decor, crystal clear chandeliers, and pretty flowers. The main restaurant is on one side of the lobby, across from the check-in counter, and the main walkway leads you to the elevators.  What's great (or not great, depending on your preference) about Trump Hotel is that it doesn't have a casino. The casinos are nearby (such as Wynn, Encore, etc.) but Trump Hotel stands out in that it doesn't own their own casino. Hubby and I personally liked this, because it made the hotel feel like a real luxury hotel, and also family-friendly. There was no cigarette/tobacco smell in the air, the children didn't need to walk through gambling headquarters, and overall, the hotel seemed more high-class.  Wha

1 11 I was wondering where all the better reviews of this place went. Here they are.. :D  PH towers was wonderful..  spacious, comfortable and the price was definitely right.

1 42 Everything that it says it is, nothing more, nothing less, so A+ for truth in advertising. The Indigo is a new and charming, boutique-y hotel with nicely appointed rooms and comfy beds. It's great for a mid-level hotel experience, friendly service and suffices nicely for either the business or leisure traveler. Big pluses include a WAY better-than-expected fitness center (see my pics!), surprisingly inexpensive, varied dining menu and free computer/printing stations in the lobby.   Walls are kind of thin though, and the rooms do not have central air (they're wall-units), so I can see that potentially being a challenge in the Scottsdale summer. All in all though, for the same price as, say, the Hyatt Place down the block, the Indigo has way better rooms, guest services and amenities. I'll be back for sure! 

1 39 I had been here before atound 5 years ago, I must say major improvement from before. For the price this place is excellent! All dishes tasted really good, we were 5 and were all satisfied with the food, will return again when in Vegas. 

1 12 I believe this hotel and casino are priced fairly. You get what you pay for so enjoy the show you can also enjoy the freemont

1 13 We got a spectacular suite here, for a great price. Absolutely loved staying here. Free parking, amazing view of the strip, nice quiet getaway.  Have no desire to ever stay anywhere else.

1 15 One of the fastest airport from entry to boarding I have every been to. Good parking lot (cell phone lot) for waiting to pick up. The cops are very fast to give tickets to parked cars in front of the gates.   United has hub here so mostly cheap tickets.

1 16 Once you go Virgin, you never go back to Soutwest!  I've been flying Virgin the last few times I've headed out to Vegas and they've all been pleasant.  The prices are reasonable and competitive, which is important.

1 18 Speaking of Palms being nice depending on where you book, this is again one of those weird here's our more luxurious tower deals that Vegas hotels tend to have. Except for the Palms, this makes a huge difference. The rooms here are significant cheaper than on the strip and yet just as nice or even nicer than what you can get in a comparable room for FAR less the price. If I weren't so stuck on the strip (since this is further off strip), I would book here every time because it's so worth your money.  It's a little walks away from the Palms casino, but the Ghost bar is worth checking out and it's really a great spot for someone who wants to relax off strip in a nice property without paying an arm and a leg and a short cab ride to the strip for clubbing or other purposes.

1 22 Virgin is just plain great. Compare to United, American, or Delta....and there is no comparison!  Round trip to vegas $170 was really good.  Once again Virgin America for the win!

1 23 This is a pretty decent buffet with a good price for a Sunday brunch. I believe it is $24.99 a person for the champagne brunch. There is never a problem getting refills on the champagne, and they have a lot of different food choices from around the world.  They also have a good dessert selection. The line seems to be 15-20 mins. on Sundays around 10-11am (speaking from the 2 times I've been there).   If I stayed at Treasure Island again, I would return for this champagne brunch.

0 24 My absolute favorite hotel to stay at when in Las Vegas for business.  It is easy to get homesick when on a biz trip, especially for an extended stay, which makes it crucial to find a hotel which represents a pseudo home away from home.  Bottom line: luxurious room + respectable rate + no casino + no obnoxious tourist crowds + no smoking = a content Burrito.

1 26 Great hotel and casino. Hotel rooms are mediocre, beds are very comfortable, room service is great! Hotel bathrooms are not very nice and dark. Resort amenities are a 6 out of 10, and your options are limited.  Casino: I would say its nice, but the atmosphere can be improved by some live plants on the casino floor,since everything is so artificial.  Prices are great for what you get, and for that reason I would recommend LVH to others.

1 27 Lots of parking but its just ok.  The price was excellent.  The room was very large but no coffee maker or mini frige.  There were no cups and it took an hour to get some.  The next day the maid took them all.  The maid service was very mediocre. No new towels.  It was a pain to park far out and drag a cooler all the way across two parking lots and the entrance.  It looks like they have let this place go.  The room was quiet and the tv worked. There is an area on the 3rd floor to smoke cigars and have a drink.

1 28 Great hotel.  I've never stayed here but I did last. Ugh tabs it was wonderful.   Great price too on priceline express deals 5 star north of strip .  The jacuzzi tub was the best

0 29 The fact that this place exists makes the jubilant child like anticipation of Christmas warm and burn in my heart- and that is priceless.

1 30 stayed there for a weekend for a birthday gave us great deal place is very nice love it worth the money

1 33 We just had a very nice stay at Trump, thanks to Priceline.  I confess we got this hotel due to an error in bidding on my part.  I accidentally added in the North Condo zone, and had an absolute hissy fit when I realized what I had done.   That being said there are some real pluses to staying here, and the price for a 5-star was pretty darn good, especially since it included a Saturday night.      Plus 1:  Much easier for a cab driver to get there and drop you off than a strip hotel.  We arrived on a very busy Saturday and the cab line looked like a popular Disney World ride queue.  Traffic was busy, yet we arrived quickly.    Plus 2:  Fast fast fast check-in.  NO wait at a prime afternoon check-in time. Friendly too, with no snooty attitude that one can sometimes encounter when checking in prepaid via Priceline.    Plus 3:  EASY, SHORT walk to your room.  A rarity in Vegas.  Save the miles for strip-walking.  (we sure did plenty of that, so being able to quickly get to our room when w

1 36 I like that this is away from the action a bit.  The pool is great, the monorail handy and the price is low.  The beds are comfy and by stays have always been good there.  It isn't flashy impressive when you say that's where you stay, but who cares, if you're just sleeping anyway?

1 37 I LOVE the westgate towers! Why?   * Jacuzzi tub  * Washer/Dryer combo in the bathroom * Kitchenette with plates/cups/utensils (although I was wary about using them) * FOUR TVs in one suite  * Lots of room! * Projector screen  * Ceiling to floor windows (but with the best shades EVER to keep out the sun during the day time)  I feel like a boss here AND the prices are affordable. The decor is really appealing to a younger crowd but I can see how a family would enjoy these suites as well. Plus, Fat Tuesdays and Earls are right downstairs. Definitely a win in my book.    I do wish their room service (for food) was 24hrs though!   P.S. Unlike the TV listing, Food Network is actually one channel below (I believe it says it's 39 but it's actually 38!) :P

1 39 Really cool and different. Flew LAS to SFO and back. It's a short trip so didn't really get to use the entire entertainment console. Nice leather seats and good leg room. Great price via Priceline as well. I would definitely recommend it and will fly this airline again.

1 41 We owe a timeshare at this place... We bought before it was built... For us, it worked out great.. I know some people don't like timeshares, but this place is great... The price was fine.. It allows us to travel at a discounted rate all the time and to so many places....  The rooms are awesome... great pool... close to the strip...  We will be back..

1 43 When I travel alone, I'm not turned on by luxury so I prefer to avoid the labyrinthine corridors of over-the-top hotels in Las Vegas.  Granted, the Las Vegas Hilton isn't a place to party and I'm sure that James Bond wouldn't set foot in the place anymore but I snared a $40 per night rate and my comfy bed alone was worth that price.  The room seemed recently renovated and was well-appointed.  (If I had a wrench, I would've been tempted to steal the shower head for its magical invigorating powers.)    The Las Vegas Hilton offered more than enough value and comfort for me -- and a party is always only a short taxi ride away.

1 44 I've stayed at this hotel several times over the past few years.  I started staying here because I could use Hilton Honors points to stay for free, and then I continued staying because they had amazingly low rates.  Since I started staying here, the rooms have improved dramatically.  On my last stay, my room was beautiful.  The bed was so soft and comfortable that I didn't want to get out of it, even in Las Vegas (and I had lost a lot of money the night before so I needed to take it slow, anyway).  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable, and they were very nice about giving me a late checkout.  My room had the new LCD TV, hair dryer, big closet, lots of pillows - everything I wanted.    With a Hilton Honors membership, you get free access to the health club (otherwise you have to pay a fee), which is a bonus if you wish to exercise.  The workout area was not that big but it was sufficient.  The spa is very nice and the pool area is nice, too.  For the price, I think this is a ver

1 45 Great Price.  Older hotel.  Certainly not a resort.  But a screaming deal and a good night sleep in the party area of Fremont street.Free Valet.  Edge of Fremont St.  Stayed in the new building across the street.  Quiet, clean, easy in easy out (no walking a mile through the casino, free wifi, no bogus fees.  Room recently remodeled with concierge.  Did I mention great price.    If you don't need the glitz of some big monstrous hotel, this place seems to fit the bill.  Bed was comfy.  It's definitely a come back.

1 49 4pm check out time, at no additional cost. In Vegas? Yes, it does exist, and it exists at Trump. It's an excellent buffer after going all night long, because the thought of getting up at 10 or 11 is just plain awful.   The bathroom is huge and includes a shower large enough to fit a party of four people (if that's your kind of thing) and a bathtub deep enough to store all your winnings. And there's a TV in the mirror in the event you want to bathe in your money and catch some prime time.  The rooms are spacious and though there's no casino to amuse you, it's walking distance from some of the more desirable entertainment locations of the strip.  Your nose will also appreciate the distinct (and pleasant) smells in the lobby and elevator.


 ###### Service  negative ######
1 1 Update: wasn't surprised to see CLE ranked dead last among medium sized airports in North America! I got a glimpse of the outside renovations/entrance and it looks good. Now just fix the shitty airport operations....  ------------------------------------------  Hopefully the airport completes its rehab quickly... The check in area is in disarray... People walking all over the place with no clear indication/signs for where each airline ticketing location is... I agree construction can be a disruption but clear signage and airport staff guiding passengers will be helpful.   Just a note: I have been flying out of CLE on a weekly basis for the past 2 months...  To add to the chaos, TSA at CLE is the worst (not that they are good anywhere but you can't get through security in less than 30 mins). One Sunday evening the security line was all the way to the other end of the airport, and guess what there were 3 TSA Pre agents and no one for the regular line??? What were they thinking...  Once y

1 4 I was excited about this place. It has so much potential but like a lot of places in downtown Cleveland, the administration ruins everything. Sunday wad their first Sunday Funday... there was nobody there and they had nothing from the menu...like they didn't prepare for it at all.  Lastly, besides not having anything available to eat and not sure if they had enough ingredients for their drinks during their first Sunday "party"... they published the event as "beach casual look". However, the hosts were all wearing Sathurday night club type dresses (early afternoon on Sunday!!) which was totally ridiculous. They also looked at us weird because we were wearing shorts... eehh... beach casual? They totally failed on planing in so many different ways.  If you want to stay upscale you may have to deliver on the simple things first. I hope they get better over time but I see this as another "Tomo Sushi" type situation. Great concept and poor execution.

1 2 Why 3 stars? Because updates are desperately needed.     ---   ---   ---  I've been flying into Hopkins since I was 2 years old. I waited all year long for our annual summer vacation to spend in Cleveland with family.  The problem with Hopkins is that it seems like it hasn't been updated a ton since 1986. Everything just kind of seems old and worn.   And as an avid defender of Cleveland, I feel that the airport doesn't do the city any favors. Cleveland has always been the butt of any joke related to a city that just generally sucks and is totally undesirable. But Cle gets a raw deal here, as there's plenty of awesomeness in the 216 and the 440.   So my please to the folks in charge of such things: update stuff! Make the airport not look like the mid 80's everywhere. Signage, decor, the flooring, etc. Let's join the modern era! I'd love to see the reactions of people dreading a business trip to Cleveland, who exit the plane, and say, "wow... this is..... NICE!"  #TeamHopkinsRenovate

1 3 So American folks say that due to the merger with US Airways they have discontinued the curbside checkin.  So it goes to us - the consumer to waste 40 minutes in line to drop one bag off.  Hmmm United has curbside, so does Southwest.  Hey American, you are not the cheapest or the best keep adding inconveniences like this and you help us make our choices easier.  See ya 

1 3 Not a typical Hilton Property. Let's start with checkin, went to the counter that had Hilton Honors sign and rug only to be ignored by Tia. Then she said rudely I'm not even signed in but yet she proceeded to ignore us for 5 minutes. The proper thing to do would have been acknowledge us and say someone will be with you in a moment. The only clerk working proceeded to help someone who came in after us. Then the "managers reception" was poorly stocked and was crackers, fruit and popcorn. Very disappointed will be letting Hilton Honors know. As a Silver member this is not typical of their properties usually.

1 6 Ahhhh the el cortez so much history so old school...what a complete dump. First off you have to walk off of Fremont to get there it was like walking down a hallway in a psych ward replete with urinating hobos,prostitutes having conversations with trees and dogs humping watermelons...I heard they have a 3/2 BJ single deck in here so I went in to check it out....the first thing you notice is that old stale smell..then the clientele which is right out of a homeless shelter field trip. So I walk around the tables to scope them out..not many people playing but a lot of dealers just standing there looking like Oliver waiting for some bread. Eureka I find what I'm looking for. I start to play..initial wager 40 dollars...won some lost some...I guess this is  more then they are accustomed to. Anyways now I'm rolling I'm up about 350 all of a sudden one of the floor supervisors comes over and says after this shuffle we are closing the game....haha hahaha. ..oh really and why is that? The other d 

1 4 Called for reservation with my groupon. Was told to call back lady was not in. But had plenty of rooms. I called back 30 minutes later and they have nothing now. Even spoke to mgr. it wasn't they were sold out. They just minimize how many rooms get groupon. We are locals to Arizona and did not find this service good.

1 5 -1 $14 drinks. -1 Weak as hell. -1 Service extremely slow. Finally went to the bar. Bartender proceeded to walk away to "do something" and then came back to fill up the glass with my drink.  Luckily, I ordered the best drink, the New Cable Car. Well, other than the guys that had beer. The other two cocktails were pronounced, "disgusting."  We stayed maybe 20 minutes including waiting for the cocktail server, waiting at the bar and then sucking down a drink each.  The crowd was older and a bit weird. I watch some cougars challenge guys to a push up contest. Women in short skirts doing push ups? Is this a reason to go?  No, not really. There's not enough alcohol in those drinks!

1 6 Okay yes we didn't check in till close to 1am, but what excuse was that when we went to our room we thought someone was still in there..I actually called my friend ( since they checked in for us and had our keys) and I asked them did you mess with our room.  Turns out cleaning service never made it to our room. I called guest services and all I was offered was another room on a smoking floor - PASS but the maid service would be right up.  Soooo 30 minutes into our room and our previous guest from Germany left behind some personal stuff, a lovely love note that we could only partially read and a bag he got from a convention and he took both the $4.00 water bottles, did I mention the bathroom had towels everywhere & a preview of what he ate before check out in the toilet.  I called guest services again since I really had to use the restroom and we did not want to leave for the night without our room being serviced. I spoke with the guest services manager and someone was there within 2  m

1 7 We saw the El Cortez sign shining brightly in the night a block or so away from the Fremont Street Experience and couldn't resist walking down to check it out.  Talk about stepping back in time.  The place looks really old, but that's because it is.  It's apparently kind of a historical landmark.  The casino and public areas were clean and maintained, but it was a bit smokey.  Quite a few people were playing slots and the table games.  We sat down at a roulette table to play awhile.  Unfortunately, the dealer apparently spoke and understood little English.  It was difficult to get her to understand what we were asking or wanting.  The cocktail waitress came around frequently and kept us from getting too thirsty!    There was some kind of construction or re-modeling going on in the back of the casino....maybe to the coffee shop...I couldn't tell.    You sort of get the feeling that you're in a shady part of town when you're at El Cortez, but there were security guards all around and eve

0 5 Oh Palms Place, I feel a little cheated..... Having finished finals I decided it was time for a much needed Vegas break, and PP was running a deal where you get a cabana at their pool along with a few other perks when you book a studio during the week....ahhh perfection! Well, we arrived and the pool was closed for glass in it....so no cabana....hmmm....minus points for not immediately moving that cabana over to the Palms pool, however, we did speak with a manager and got a pretty good deal worked out.  That aside, the room was spacious and very modern feeling. 2 flat screen TVs 5 feet apart seemed a little excessive to me, but I did appreciate not having to twist my head at all to watch TV from bed...so....good for them. The bathroom was large, TV inside, but my favorite part would be the HUGE bathtub with jets and the double shower so you could really get squeaky clean from all the Vegas debauchery. I did appreciate the king size bed with a pull out couch as well...you know, for when 

1 8 Is it me or does it seem like Trump spent the majority of his budget on the exterior golden windows and lobby. Guestrooms were NOT impressive enough, after walking through the amazing lobby and  front desk area. Very dissapointed. For looking like a gold brick from the outside, the guestrooms are dull and lifeless.  After staying at Wynn and Encore, Trump tower seems like a slight downgrade. I mean its probably fine if im a 65 yr old woman.   Service here is seriously BELOW average. The Valet failed at washing my car, when they PROMISED to do so. They expected me to roll around Las Vegas Blvd in my dusty vehicle, dirty from my 9 hour drive!! super pissed!! At least they offered me a free towncar to and from The Strip. And later that night, they finally detailed our suv.  Also......One of the girls at the poolside cafe, accidently, charged my boyfriend $200 for suntan lotion instead of $20. So glad he noticed and had the manager refund the 180$ (which took over 25 minutes of valuable ta

0 8 came with a small grp for a birthday and they booked this place for 3 nights bc everyone was on a budget (but that didn't matter bc the bday boy took care of the room! so sweet).. we had a 1 bedroom suite and it was big enough to accommodate all of us comfortably.. our suite included a full size fridge, washer/dryer, jacuzzi, and projector.. bottom line, i wouldn't mind staying here again if i was in a group and they wanted to stay here.. but if it were up to me, i'd go elsewhere..

1 9 This place had the cheapest rate so I decided to go with them and booked online.  They were very friendly and the return was smooth.  One minus star for the fact the guy who helped me initially did not say OPTIONAL insurance.  He said "Do you want just the basic or premium insurance?"  instead of "Would you like to add our optional insurance to your rental?"   I travel enough to know that those insurance are only optional but it would mislead some people.

0 9 This review is for Monique. The shuttle line was long and only one worker so we werent sure how efficient theyd end up being. Anyway after a bit of a wait, Monique greeted us amd she was freakin awesome. $14.50 round trip, you cant beat that along with efficient friendly service! 

1 10 Never again.  Yes, I know never is quite a harsh word to use.  What I should probably say is never again on my dime.  I got a deal through Vegas.com - I wonder if that is why I got such a horrible room?    The room was two rooms over from the elevators and it sounded like I was on top of them!  I did not even hear that much noise when I was actually in the elevator.  It was so loud, it was hard to fall asleep at night.   In addition to the elevator noise, it took about 15 minutes to get some barely warm water out of the shower.  Also, the walls are way tooooo thin.

0 11 I live here in Las Vegas.  I stayed at Trump last weekend for a Staycation.  I usually stay at a casino based hotel but I decided to try Trump because I have stayed at his properties in NYC and Chicago, both amazing.  Sadly my stay was ruined by the train the runs by a block away every 45 minutes to an hour all night and day.  I was on the 41st floor and it sounded like the train was in my bed.  It blows it's horn 4-5 times every time it passes.  In the morning I complained to management and she said they don't always experience the train all night.  I live here.. The train passes all night.  She offered to refund my resort fee and a %25 discount.  She acted like it was my  fault the train passes.  She said they were working with the county concerning the train.  There is a railroad crossing on the west side.  The train has to blow it's horn unless they close the pass.  Good luck.  Never imagined Trump would build a hotel next to a train.

0 11 Usually this is great. Recently I have been standing at a stop, and the asshole driving honks and points back to the last stop, as if the Orbit schedule I am standing at does not indicate I am at a stop. This getting to be bullshit. For info purposes, I was passed up by a Mars, this time.

1 12 The bartenders are SLOW!!!!!  if you want a drink and want to wait 10 minutes.  Good atmosphere,  but they need to teach them how to make more than 1 drink at a time

0 14 Checked out this hotel mainly because of Yelp LV CM Misty Y and fellow Yelper mary b.   This review is for the casino portion. I learned to play craps here thanks to their low minimum crap machine. Yup, who knew $1 could last half an hour? Haha! No really, it was weird how long the games lasted.  Vintage casino feel without the smoke stench! Some of the casinos in downtown maybe nicer but you come out smelling like cigarettes. Not here.   The dealers are friendly and the drink service was quite attentive, as long as you keep being generous of course ;)   And if you get hungry, Cafe Cortez serves up an 8oz prime rib dinner for under $10.

0 19 Back to the point where we bought timeshare when it was Trendwest, a lot seems to have changed in 10+ years in Vegas, and a lot hasn't changed!  This Worldmark seems to be the biggest one in the worldmark resort family! Its huge, the rooms are spacious and ours had a view of the "lazy river"  The bed is pretty comfortable to sleep in, and the pillows are nice and soft! Living room is smaller than most 1 bdr units we've had with WM, but the bathroom is same. Overall, I would much prefer staying at one of their 3 resorts they have in Las Vegas vs the Casino hotels- plus no resort fees which Casinos are now charging, and dittos for they dont charge for parking here either. It is off the strip, but they do have a shuttle to the strip that runs late, and if you missed the shuttle, there is always the bus system that runs all night.

1 14 I really wish I was able to give this place a better review but I was very recently let down by them. I arrived and checked in all my bags and had my tickets ready about 1 hour and 30 mins prior to leaving from Las Vegas on the express bus to L.A. just as I was about to board (no exaggerations here) the gentleman collecting the tickets said that the bus had hit capacity and I would have to take the NEXT bus that was about 2 hours apart from my original time and it wasn't express which meant I had to stop at every single stop as opposed to just traveling without stopping. None of the customer service reps gave me the difference for the amount of what I paid and they seemed super careless and rude. Never again!

0 16 So small, airlines limited! But descent restaurants, my only issues were with the airline not the airport.

0 15 This is the place where all the rejects go when they can't get into a real club.  I can see why they couldn't get in....because it is not 1980 anymore...although the DJ is still in channeling this decade as well.    Left this place in a shot and headed to Red Square to end our night.

1 16 So I didn't even know this place existed lol I am a fan of the movie- not a huge fan to the point where I know every line as if it was "Home Alone" haha But I did enjoy the movie. If you have time and are in the area I'd recommend checking this out. If you're a huge fan of the movie then definitely check it out!   The house is pretty small overall- like it was in the movie. They have it decorated with replicas of everything as in the movie. You're allowed to touch everything inside as well. They have the leg lamp there you can pick up and take pictures with too. Also the famous BB gun. You can also go upstairs and put on a bunny suit- but I didn't do that lol   Apparently though- you have to visit the house with a tour guide  I mean- don't get me wrong, the guy was very informative and pretty funny but the talking was just way too much. After the first 5 mins of him talking- I totally lost interest in the rest of what he was saying. Just seemed a bit dragged out. And you can't do anyth

0 21 I stayed here for the first time over the weekend since they were running one of the best deals in Vegas. This is normally rare I've found over a few years with this hotel since they seem to book well due to the location near the convention center.   I was familiar with the hotel before staying here for the first time. I love the buffet and the gambling area isn't too shabby. The sports betting is a great place to have some fun and watch the games over the weekend.   Now with my hotel room I became quickly unimpressed with the hotel sadly. Once I arrived they checked me in and I was off to the north tower. Once inside I wanted to place a wake up call but nobody ever picked up......  The room had a nice makeover but it was missing parts like the gear cover to our door. Then moving to the bathroom the bath was chipped all over the place and lacking paint on about 15% of it. Getting in around 2:00am we went on a hunt for a quick drink before we headed back to bed and couldn't figure out h

1 9 Seriously dude? This place is Nasty!  This might be the grossest casino I've ever been to in Vegas.  I'd give it no stars if that were possible except for the fact that they have recently redone their restrooms!  In fact, the restroom in this place is the nicest thing going for it!!!!  It smells like cigs covered up with air freshener, covered up with vomit, covered up with floor powder, covered up with B.O, covered up with plug-ins.  The smell is so strange and not good!  How about some air purifiers? That would help!  Some open windows maybe???  Onto the gambling 1) they have some really old machines that still spit out quarters  2) they have some new machines that just take your dollars 3) they have table games that are like $5 min but really should be like $2 min 4) some of the machines are in such bad shape they've just duck taped them together [I saw this on a couple of instances] they have like old tube TV screens and everything 5) the people that go here...how do you explain... 

1 18 Terminal 2 is where United is and I have been here a few times. Easy to navigate, but really disgusted with the tsa security. They check through my belongings with dirty gloves that they use to check others bags and touch other luggages. This is the most gross I've ever experienced because people typically change or get new gloves for each bag. Disgusting .. now I need to wash al my clean clothes over because of those dirty gloves with brown stains on it.

1 19 Nothing over the top that makes me say,  "Oh, I just love this airport." With your basic amenities, Hopkins has it throughout its relatively small layout. They did redesign the "food court" area hat has Brueggers, chick-Gil-A and even Auntie Anne's.   The TSA process is rather quick, but at times can be insanity with the improvements that they are making causing lines to sometimes be out-the-door.  Even if you are running late, the drop off to arriving at the terminal process should get you there just in the knick of time.

1 21 Friends and I stayed there for New Year's Eve weekend.  AND WOWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!   My friend and I walked in with amazement.  The view. The new furniture. The bathtub in the room. The washer and dryer. The whole set up of the room.  My friends and I called it "For the Love of Ray J" suite because of it's red leather couches and the tub..omg, the tub in the room...lol  WHO DOES THAT!!??!!! haha  All that was missing was a stripper pole!!! Where is their suggestion box?????! 

1 22 This review is based on the current construction and overall mess that is taking place at CLE. I arrived over an hour before my flight and encountered a security line like I've never seen before! The staff was super nice and accommodating but there is no excuse for having only one security line open during peak travel time. I'm hoping that this issue is resolved soon!

0 21 A fine place, as all the other reviewers rightfully mentioned... starting point or crashing pad.  Not inbetween.  The scene would be whack.  Beat... whatever.  It is a lounge bar; In a casino.  Better than the counter bar around the corner with all the football.  But the bar around the corner has guys that know you *need* a drink, and get's it to you.  These barkeeps flair too much, and it takes too long to get a drink. 

1 23 Any modern day traveler compares airports. It's a fact of life. The process of checking-in, going through security, and getting into your seat are all on a timeline. Sometimes we're rushed, sometimes we're way early, and sometimes we're right on the money.   I tend to be the first of these three... I usually snooze twice, take my time showering, and forget that I have to put gas in the rental or time the subway the night before. Where do these all play into this review?...   Well, Cleveland Hopkins Airport has the WORST security checkpoint at that I have ever encountered (@ American Airlines gates). Now, I only went through one of the three TSA checks, but that's good enough to make the above statement. The line was extremely long, with no place to go as the roped off area held 20 people max. The entire process took nearly 40-minutes, and lucky for me, I had just that much time to wait.   Recommendations: Arrive EARLY!

1 24 This bar is located in the middle of the Mandalay Bay casino.  On Sunday night around 10 pm it was going off.  I was with a group of work people which really made the experience.  I found everyone, staff and bar patrons, to be very friendly.   Drinks are between $8-$15, depending on what you get to quench your thirst.  They play music and have a dance floor which I did not grace, but had plenty of people doing their thing.  There are lots of little secluded areas to locate.  My group had a blast, and centered our night around a table in the middle of the bar - great location for people watching.   Negative aspects, it gets crowded so the cocktail service is a little slow, and you need to walk into the casino if you want to use the bathroom.   The bar gets plenty of casino revelers, so the foot traffic in and out of the bar is busy, and there is indeed plenty of 'eyecandy'.    This is the type bar you happen across when gambling at the casino, and before you know it, you are having a bl

1 25 This place is horrible.  My friend wanted to rent a car for a trip to Cali.  She had only rented once before years ago and wasn't familiar with the process.  I suggested a few companies I had used in the past and she ended up making reservations with Advantage.  Who until this point I had never heard of.  I gave her a ride to the rental car center and went inside to make sure she got the car before I left.  I admit I was a little leery.  We waited in line for about 15 min when out of nowhere comes a girl telling my friend to make sure she has her id and credit card out rather rudely.  My friend had both in her hand ready.  So she showed her and the girl says ok good rude again.  We just kinda look at each other at this point.  I understand being prepared which is why we already had it in hand but we are the only ones in line.  It wasn't like they were busy and no need to be a bitch about it.    Finally it is our turn and the customer service agent couldn't have been more miserable.  Ru

1 26 My Dad flew into town for the first time to visit me and got a great deal on a flight and hotel...I may know why now....  First off when my Dad told me he was staying here I thought it was closed down but I guess it was reopened under new management about two years ago. The decor and room were all nice and it is super centrally located to all the Old Town offerings.   When we arrived late on a Friday my Dad went to check-in and the hotel bar was going crazy. However the lady helping us couldn't find his reservation, was rude and honestly seemed like she could careless. Finally another employee came over to help who was very helpful and we got on our way.   The rooms are a nice size and modern. The rooms look like a college kid got his parent credit card and went nuts at Ikea! But overall nice looking and comfortable. The downside to the upside of the location is how loud the place is. They even have a sign next to the bed that states something like "Its gonna get loud here so here is a

0 27 Had my first trip to trump last month, the rooms are amazing and the lobby is nice but has that overly gold look that trump likes so much.  but was pleasantly surprised buy the over all look and feel of the hotel. 

0 23 This was my first stay here in over 15 yeears.  Normally I stay at the Renaissance when I'm here working the conventions.  The only reason that I stayed here was that I booked late and the rate was around $110/n.   Pros: -Walking distance to the  Las Vegas Convention Center.   Cons: -When I got to my room in the East tower, there were dirty napkins laying on the floor under the bench.   -The the fan  was blasting so loud that it sounded like a broken motor.   -A take out  order to 1 hr to come out from their cafe  (When taking a cab here from the airport, be sure to tell your cab driver to take Paradise Rd it'll be roughly $18+, whereas if they take the freeway it'll come out to $30+.  They'll try to tell you that there's construction on Paradise...just ignore them) 

0 28 The Palm Place is a hotel in a complex or would be condominiums that probably didn't sell during the downturn of the economy back in 2007-8.  My husband and I stayed there because of airline miles and it included a rental car which is a must if staying here, because it is far away from the strip. You have to drive everywhere which is fine by me since I've been to Las Vegas for many trips. I like eating meals off the strip due to the expense.  We stayed in a studio suite which is nice because it had a mini kitchen. The bed was comfortable and I liked the down feathered pillows they offer with down blanket too.  I didn't like the bathroom set up so much because you have to go through the shower to get to the jacuzzi and there wasn't a separate door for the toilet. The toiletries were adequate, but if you stay more than 2 days, you have to ask for more. Most hotels will give you ample supply. The spa is separate from the salon and I wanted a manicure during my stay and the salon was close 

1 29 More like a 3.5 stars overall, and I guess 4 stars for the room itself.  I arrived on a Wednesday night and checked out on Friday morning.  The first thing we noticed was the maze you have to go through to get to the self parking.  We parked on the 4th floor and had to walk through the mall to get to the hotel.  How ass backwards is that?  The next day I noticed people going in and out of the door to the right of the front desk.  I inquired with the concierge and he let me know that it leads to the "smoking area."  I said, "Does it connect to the parking structure?"  He replied, "Yes."  Why are there NO SIGNS when entering the hotel, or even IN the hotel, that the 3rd floor gets you straight into the lobby?  Ridiculous.  So we parked there from then on.  This make checking out MUCH more easier than trying to get to check-in.  Note to PH Towers, please place more signs for your guests.    The hotel itself was nice.  What I wasn't too keen on, was the black toilet.  I'm a gerb phobe and 

1 30 Passed up, again, by an empty bus. I was at a stop. For the most part, I am happy with the service; however, if the bus is in service and is almost empty, the drivers need to stop for people whom are standing at a stop and flagging them down. It has happened once from a Mars and twice for a Jupiter.

0 31 Still adequate!   Star Trek Experience - closed.  Doesn't look like a new attraction is imminent, but I'm sure eventually the space will be used for something, uh, adequate. Casino cocktail waitresses - still not hot, but again, adequate. Sportsbook still rocks. Rooms - didn't stay this time, but I'm quite sure they're still, you got it, adequate. Why did Liz bump the Hilton a star then, you might ask?? Because Big Jeff walked out with the coveted GOLD JACKET. (Will he ever actually wear it? I got a Benjamin that says he won't ...... any takers?? ) After about forty thousand (give or take) hands of VP, finally, the jacket.  WOOT! 

1 32 Now that I am getting older, I tend to do "Vegas" a bit differently. I like staying at the non-gaming, non-smoking hotels because I feel more relaxed after the trip and I don't go home reeking of smoke or coughing. That said, that was one of the reason's I enjoyed the Trump hotel.   The lobby is beautiful, the rooms were nice & spacious and it was right across the street from Fashion Show Mall. We could walk to the Wynn and Treasure Island, no problem and the hotel offered a shuttle to Ceasar's.   Now, time for the not so nice:  They have a small restaurant and bar in the lobby, but  lacking a small coffee shop. A girl needs her latte in the mornings! I stayed at the Vdara which is similar in concept and they had a little snack/coffee shop in the lobby which was the perfect place to grab a coffee or quick bite.   We had an odd relationship with housekeeping & room service. We called down for cups numerous times. We NEVER got them, however someone brought up two robes up to us TWICE and 

0 41 I like the Cleveland airport. It's clean and easily accessible, unless you are in the dreaded D concourse. In that case wear your walking shoes! 

0 0 you got one of the 2 for 1 coupons they give hotel guests, then it's not all that bad.  The buffet does have it's highlights: the lobster ravioli from the pasta station is very good, the pizza is decadently cheesy and tasty, and the cupcakes are downright delicious, especially the red velvet cupcakes.  PRO TIP: grab an extra cupcake at the end of your visit and pretend like you are eating it on your way out, then save it for later.  Honestly, there isn't anything terrible about the buffet, but I can understand how those paying full price feel like they can do better as the selection does feel limited compared to other buffets.  Our server was outstanding, even if all he did was get us drinks. 

1 33 Worst and most confusing parking station in the world........ I travel a lot.  Terminal 4 parking is so confusing that when I asked a person for help who worked there they couldn't help.

1 34 I used to travel to Vegas for business often, back then, I'd always stay at the Trump.  It was new, fancy, modern, the service was great and the property was well cared for.  It was perfect for the business woman - no casino, therefore no long ass walk to the car, crowds or cigarette smoke.  I wouldn't stay anywhere else!  Staying here after being away for 18 months, I can definitely say things have gone downhill.  There is noticeable wear and tear everywhere.  They nickel and dimed us like crazy - i.e. in addition to the $20(+tax)/night resort fee, they wanted $1/bottle of water outside of the complimentary 2 bottles you get per day.  WIFI is included in the resort fee, but after hooking the ipad up to WIFI, service was so slow that it was unusable.  Cell service was also spotty.  Furthermore, I would hardly call the Trump a "resort".  Just because you have a pool, doesn't mean you are a resort.  Next time we're staying somewhere in the City Center...If I gotta pay a resort fee anyway

1 35 all night lrt service in all directions during stampede? fuuuuck yeaaaaahhhh!

0 28 It's a pretty simple airport compared to many others, which has pros and cons. Pros: Security lines and screening has never been a huge fiasco and bags usually make it to the claim pretty quickly. Free wifi which is rare. Cons: not a lot to see/do if you needed to kill a lot of time on a layover, but a couple pretty decent places to eat. Still waiting for a Starbucks... 

1 36 My brother is a owner and I went with him to check in and wanted to give kudos to the lady helping with his rooms, Jolie.   He asked them to please have a room clean and ready to check in when he booked his stay. It wasn't when they got there. Yes, it's spring break, it's St. Patty weekend, and March Madness so most places are probably backed up, but c'mon someone booked it with a specific request and called to make sure it will be followed through.   Jolie helped make it happen that my family can get to their rooms as soon as possible.The guy my brother booked with, Charlie, came up to the room moments after we got there to make sure it's up to snuff and apologized the room wasn't ready.    It wasn't the best of impressions on clean up crew and bellhops were apparently short staffed on a busy weekend, but at least the front desk tried their best.

1 37 3.5 Stars. I normally stay at the strip but thought I tried something new. I arrived at the hotel too early around noon but the agent offered me a mountain view since these rooms were available before normal check in. The strip view rooms will be ready at 3 so I decided just wait. You can leave your luggage with the bell staff so that's exactly what I did while I explored the surroundings. This building is connected to Palms Hotel Casino via moving skywalk. There's plenty free of parking outside and indoor garage.  My room was pretty enormous. 2 LCD tvs (one in front of bed & one for the living area), nice comfy king bed, separate sitting area, writing desk, modern artsy lighting fixtures, fully equipped kitchen w/ mini bar, 3 spacious closets, jet tub, rain shower and another small tv in bathroom vanity.  The room was clean but floors were a little dusty. One of the TVs didn't power at all and I called front desk, maintenance came but they were not able to fix it. I also called about 

0 38 When it comes to dealers, this is a break-in joint. El Cortez and Railroad Pass are the two casinos in the valley that will give you a chance even if you are fat, ugly, and just generally unattractive. Las Vegas is a very unfair place like that. A cute girl can walk into a casino, have no experience dealing yet they will hire her at places like Red Rock Station even though she doesn't even know how to calculate the pay-outs. So perhaps we should appreciate El Cortez for being one of the only true equal opportunity employers.   Well, El Cortez has a lot of newbie dealers. Years ago when I was a tourist, I remember the dealer paying me 3 times for hands that I lost. I just sat there and stayed quiet.    Not to mention that they are generous on comps, and the rooms are old but very big an comfortable.     The food at the 24 hour cafe is usually free, so I don't care if it didn't taste good. The service though is excellent.  They send you free slot play. Sometimes they are very generous.

1 48 Restaurants could be better. And down a concourse or so would be nice. Security lines arent bad either. 

1 39 This is a review of the casino not the hotel.  I didn't stay in the hotel (thank god) but if their rooms look anything like the casino then this is where you go to die.  Casino is rather small compared to other casinos in the luxurious downtown area. As soon as I walked in I was slapped in the face with cigarette smoke and old Vegas ass. I could not get past the smell in the casino. Muggy and smelled old. Played slot machines and I noticed a lot of ash trays with cig butts not emptied, no cocktail hosts walking around, the tables had virtually no one.   Yeah after 20 mins in this hole I left. In need of some serious renovations. It screams "shady pines" in there.

0 30 If you've ever been at the mercy of the STM, then you know how the whole system needs a major overhaul. However, in comparison to the MTA (New York City's public transport system), Montreal has it a lot better in some respects. So before having lived in NY I would have rated lower, but I can now appreciate the easy card system, the less sketchy subway stations, and the faster train rides. It's by no means a perfect system, but they do okay overall and I have come to appreciate what Montreal has in respect to public transportation (metro mostly). 

0 33 Whoaaaaa It's a bar in the middle of a casino....WOW...Ya. Wow....Uhm I can bring an ipod and be my own dj. Ya I can bring my collection of....Kelis, and Pet Shop Boys, Flock of Seagulls, and Yanni. Then I'd get all the girls. Because I can buy them all drinks in the middle of a casino, and jam to my dope sounds....in the middle of a casino.....and maybe get bottle service....in the middle of a casino....I can get game in the middle of a casino... Ya actually it's nice. For being a bar in the middle of a casino. One of my friend's used to bartend there....and ya. It's ok - I guess I can stop there for a drink....and pay 12-14 dollars instead of putting a 20 in a slot machine and waiting for a cocktail server.... 

1 40 I took the family here for a two night stay cation. We had an excellent stay. The hotel is clean and smells great. The staff is courteous and accommodating. We stayed in a standard room with two beds and a Strip view. The rooms, including the bathroom, were spacious and clean.  We don't mind walking at all, so we actually enjoyed walking across the street to the Fashion Show Mall and down the street to Las Vegas Boulevard.  We stayed on the 31st floor and we did hear the train in the middle of the night for about 20 seconds. I don't think it was a big deal and probably wouldn't have even noticed it if I didn't read previous reviews.  Be aware if you book the room through another website and put occupancy of "4", you will be given a room with a king and a pullout sofa. There is $25/night fee to have a room with two beds, which we needed. I don't mind paying it, but just disclose the fee (just like the resort fee) before I book so I'm not hit with the charge at the front desk.  I would h

0 15 On the face of this, this place looks good but they fooled me with the word "lounge".   The breakfast buffet was ok but if was all prefab food. Fake scrambled eggs, cheap sausage, pre-formed hash browns, etc. The coffee selection was ok but again prefab.   Here's the issue. The furniture was old & beaten up. The men's bathroom looks like its third world with old, scratched & dirty doors, chipped & cracked tiles, etc that have seen MUCH better days.   My company bought this for me to add to my comfort but I must say I'm very disappointed! It's just another routine bait & switch by Air Canada. Air Canada...the 3rd World airline that THINKS its 1st World! 

1 42 I stayed here for a few days during a recent trip to Vegas.  It was my first time staying in the hotel.  Here's a breakdown of my experience:  Pros + The rooms are awesome...spacious, comfortable beds, quality linens & toiletries, kitchenette.  + Free WiFi.  + Lobby Bar is a great place to unwind for a drink or three.  + Customer service was great during out trip.  Kudos to the front desk, bartenders, and bellmen who assisted us.  + Great views.  You can see the Strip from one side of the tower and the Vegas Valley from the other side.  Cons - The biggest negative was the fact that after 7 am or so, the freakin' trains start to run through the city and blast their horns at all of the train crossings.....there's at least 3 or 4 crossings in Vegas and you can hear that train through the windows and walls of your room.  If you're a light sleeper or bothered by this kind of noise, you can forget about sleeping in.  - The valet parking is inadequate.  The waiting area outside to pick up you

1 34 I get stuck here when I have to work the convention center trade shows. The rooms are craptastic. Small, tattered and lame. One time my drawers kept sliding open because the freakin room was so slanted!! They put plasmas in the room but that couldn't save it.   To make things worse, they have Barry Manalow plastered everywhere with Copa Cabana blaring where ever you go... A Benihana onsite, proximity to the Convention Center and GREAT sports book save this place from one star damnation. 

1 16 great looking inside...awesome atmosphere. service is attentive but not intrusive. each guest is given a menu and there is also a digital menu at the table to show you pics of what each plate will look like. it's a novelty, i HATE menus with pictures! a little to dennys for me.  salad special with smoked beets and goat cheese was good, but a little to "yesterday" creatvely. appetizer of a take on arancini with creamy polenta squares stuffed with cheese, breaded and fried was awesome. the crab "cigars" were just average. my strip steak was prepared as ordered, very rare, but the fried fingerling potatoes and fried kale sides were very over salted. fried kale as a vegetable side dish? really? it's a trader joes snack on a plate and called a "side dish"; not very good.  there is valet to park your car, but be prepared to wait in a LONG line and there really isn't parking that close by....so be aware that you may have to walk a bit if you choose to park your car yourself. i'd say this plac 

0 35 I think they should change the name to Hotel Ikea...If Ikea had a hotel, I think it would look like the Hotel Indigo. It is in a great location and is appropriately "boutiquey." I was paying $53 a night, so for my money the staff was friendly enough and the hotel was nice enough. The 24-hr fitness center is nice. The free wi-fi is nice.   One problem is that this really seems like a party hotel. Because it is located in party central loud, drunken club-goers wander the halls at all hours of the night looking for their rooms. However, if you are a drunken club-goer this might be the ideal place for you. 

0 43 I stayed here for one night for my flight was cancel.  The breakfast was OK at the restaurant. 

1 44 4.5 for really nice rooms but 1.5 on the service. Scored a 1 BR suite that had a living room AND a screen that came down that also turned into a projector for the tv. Sweet set up for the kitchen as well. Makes sense since these were condos that didn't sell and got converted into hotel rooms.   Here's the downside: the service SUCKS. The funny thing is, this room was comped because the first time my boyfriend stayed here and got such horrible service that they comped our room this time (hey, you can't turn down a free room). This time, they didn't clean our room. We got back to our room around 5PM, saw house keepers outside and assumed they'd clean our room. When they didn't (and left!), we called customer service who said they would send someone to clean our room. We leave and come back around 1AM and our  room hasn't been touched at all. We call down to customer service and they said that our room got a note that said we "refused service". What the hell? Finally they send someone up 

0 33 This hotel really understands the importance of small details. I came here for high tea with my friends. Upon entering I noticed snacks in the foyer. They had popcorn, maple toffee being rolled on the spot and an assortment of candies. Through the foyer to the back was the bar and restaurant. We were immediately seated and greeted by an extremely pleasant waitress. The thing that really stood out of me at the ritz in comparison to my other high tea experiences was how informative they were. They brought out samples of each loose leaf tea to smell and describe before ordering. The overall experience was great. They had the best savory sandwiches I've ever had at high tea and pretty decent portions. I left feeling full. My only complaint is the scone size  I am used to having 2 large scones one sweet and one savoury with tea but they only serve one small one. They make up for it with a large desert selection but I prefer the scones. I  will definitely go back. They change the menu monthl

1 45 As a travel agent, I was completely appalled at how they handled one of my clients booking for a Grand Canyon Tour. Firstly they couldn't find his reservation that I had made when he called to reconfirm 24hrs prior. After I called and gave a little bit of hell- the agent proceeded to tell me the tour was booked for the date that I booked my client on and that he would have to change his dates! Hello! My client was only in Vegas for 2 nights!  All and all, after going back with Showtime tours, the agent there pretty much told me the tours were cancelled and my client was screwed SO I told them to cancel and process a refund, in which the agent said "FINE" and hung up on me...  Needless to say, the next 4 Grand Canyon Tours I've booked all have gone to another local company...   I would give them ZERO stars if I could but STAY away from Showtime Tours they are not worth the time...

1 46 Slow service. And by that I mean SLOWWWWWWW. Took me about 45 min to wait in line and get my car even though there were only 3 people in front of me and with 2 counters open.  Attitude was poor. Attendant was rude.   The only upside is that the car rentals can be pretty cheap. I rented a full size car for 2 days for less than $50.

1 47 We waited a little bit after landing for our shuttle, after working from one end of the airport to the other. They changed the numbers on the doors in the airport, so unless we asked someone where they were located, we'd still be looking for them. Booking beforehand was definitely worth it, since I kept reading that taxis rip people off. Luckily, we didn't have a bad experience with showtime. The "bus" isn't that big and reminds me of a smaller version of a school bus. Our driver going was very funny & entertaining. Upon departure, the shuttle came a few minutes earlier than expected and dropped us off right at the Terminal door. Not a bad ride.

0 10 I needed to burn some vacation time before the year ended and so I walked around Cleveland like a tourist and took a bunch of silly pictures with friends, went places I normally wouldn't and acted a fool! We came to the Christmas Story House and Museum the Friday before Christmas and had a wonderful time. The entry fee of $10 was well worth it. 

0 35 This was my first time at an Air Canada Maple Leaf Lounge. I finally got to enter the forbidden city, only thanks to a wonderful friend who gave us guest passes. We had an early morning domestic flight, and so this lounge was perfect for us to relax after a hectic morning getting to the airport. We enjoyed the breakfast, which was a mixture of hot and cold items, such as breakfast sausages, eggs, oatmeal, yoghurt, and fruits. Standard food quality... but the fruit salad tasted weird (I think it was a day old). Anyway, the lounge was spacious. Although it was crowded, we found seats to relax in. It was quiet so we could get some work done. The people were courteous... I guess cause they were mainly business people getting their early morning flight to their next high powered meetings. A few things to mention here. First, depending on your boarding time, there are some "rush hour" passenger traffic. If departure times are clumped together, then there is a huge line for the elevators, and 

0 39 3.75 for sure, in terms of overall room cleanliness and hotel location.  So so so convenient to many food options, shopping and subway/streetcar...  Just the rooms are tiny, and hardwood floors.  Usually people like to walk on carpet haha.  Free wifi is possible if you ask for it, and probably depending how long you stay.  At $100 a pop, not much to complain.  The concierge is fantastic and helpful, and even print out Google maps with no hesitation.  And asking them to call the cabs is a breeze.  Free wifi.  But their workout area is just average.  Decent lobby sitting area, more contemporary style.  iMacs by the Pomnar for internet use. 

1 49 Was excited to stay here but ended up a bit let down.  This hotel is all flash and no substance.    First, had two rooms reserved - one with a king for wife and I and one with two doubles for our teenage boys.  At check on they put us in two king rooms.  They claimed that was what our reservation was for so our fault and that they were sold out of doubles so couldn't change it.  My suspicion: just oversold the doubles and screw you to whoever checks in later in the day.  Not real excited about that but they assured us if the king didn't work for us they'd bring up a roll away.  King didn't work for my teenage boys so when we called down for a roll away - NOPE. against fire code we were told.  What could they do for us to fix the situation - we could move to the presidential suite for $2700.  I don't know if the woman on the phone was being serious or trying to be funny, but what an obnoxious response.  We ended up having extra bedding brought up and one of my kids slept in the chair.  

1 18 Pros:  -Super fast security line. Every time. To the point where I get to the airport only an hour before my flight and never once break a sweat. -Plenty of nearby parking with options to get you right to the terminal (Brookpark RTA station, anyone?) -Free wifI (if you're lucky...) -Decent food court options for the size of the airport  Cons: -Terminals can be a bit of a walk, and by that I mean terminal D. Not really more than other airports, I suppose, but I guess I've gotten spoiled! -Wifi is spotty, often have trouble connecting -Under going renovations  I can see how if you're flying through, Cleveland would not be a great layover stop, but as a local, this airport works just fine for me! 

0 40 I can remember last year fondly, albeit a little vaguely due to my constant alcohol induced mind. I decided that I wanted to savor life, and enjoy each and every waking moment, which meant one thing of course: to visit a little oasis in the midst of the desert that is aptly named "Sin City." Last year, I decided to pay a visit to this gem of a town not once, not twice, but a whopping THREE times.  My friend from California decided to visit me in Arizona, and since he exudes innocence, I decided that I should corrupt him with epileptic lights, and casinos that reek of cigarettes and regret. However, I decided to mix in a little spontaneity and instead of booking directly on a casino website, I decided to gamble on Hotwire and see what hotel I would get as a result. After careful sleuthing, especially with the disclaimer that it indeed was NOT a casino, I knew we were going to be spending one luxurious night at the Trump. I was ecstatic, and so was my friend. After gently prodding my roo 

0 50 How do you know when you fly too much?  You know each airport by their call symbol.  Hellooooooo CLE! Since I live in Cleveland and I am a road warrior, CLE and I have become pretty tight.  I fly in and out of CLE 2-3 times a month and I have to admit that my home airport is one of my favorites.  I never really have any issues with the waiting in line to check bags or security because I am elite with Continental and can bypass all that.  But back when I was just a peon, I don't remember security being all that bad.  For those knocking the lines have you ever gone through security at Newark? O'Hare?  Phoenix? Now those security lines are something to bitch about.  5-10 minutes is nothing.  Now if you are flying around the holidays it can be more hectic, but what airport isn't? I normally don't give myself enough time to eat before a flight, but if I did I'd be really happy with the new options in CLE.  CLE just had a complete overhaul and the results are pretty impressive.  They stayed  

1 20 Although I aways fly out of Akron-Canton whenever possible, I had to use CLE today. I used Park 'N Fly, which has nothing on their website to warn they no longer drop off at the terminal. I have a neurological disease and had arranged a wheelchair ahead of time. I barely made the long walk into the terminal, and no seating. I had to do two escalators, which is really dangerous for me. No seating  along the way, no employees anywhere. No signs to indicate where to locate a specific airline. I ended up sobbing and begging a different airline employee for help. There is NO EXCUSE for such lack of consideration for passengers. Also, I guess the airport owns the Starbucks in the concourses? OMG, grossest sandwich ever, ham on rye, stale, spice that burned my mouth, and no other sandwich choices at 10:30 am. At a busy airport, out of everything else that early in the day. Not a pleasant experience in any way today! 

1 45 Came here last night for a night cap after an amazing dinner at China Grill. Its a cool spot to grab a drink, the service totally sucks but since it was pretty much our only option for late night drinks at Mandalay bay.  $12 bucks for a Chopin and water but i guess that's pretty normal for the Strip. I mean i guess ill go back if  I'm in the same predicament of no where else to go but it wouldn't be my 1st choice. 

1 40 This airport seems to be constantly making improvements in recent years and they do seem to be improvements indeed.  For a large airport the systems here work pretty well. Security line wait times do vary and can stress me out at times. My last two trips home I breezed through security quickly, but there have been times that the lines were ridiculously long. This is not an airport where I'd mess around with arriving 1.5-2 hours early.  There is only one terminal which simplifies the entire process. Only one ticketing terminal and one baggage terminal. Easy!   The food options are not the best options I've ever seen, but they are not the worst either. CLE has also added restaurants over the years so it seems like they are getting there with good food options. They have a couple of local options like Great Lakes Brewery and Bruegger's Bagels. My favorite chain option is Chick-Fil-A. I love that I can get my Chick-Fil-A fix before heading back to sin city. Shopping could be improved, but  

0 23 Not the nicest of hotels but then again it could be worse. My parents thoroughly enjoyed their room here. The room I stayed in wasn't bad. It was clean and well kept but not the least bit luxurious. The pool area was nice and spacious, but then again most are in Vegas. I've seen quite a few shows in the showroom here and have always liked the venue. If you join the players club you can get half off a show/concert ticket as well as a bogo on the buffet. It broke my heart when they closed the Star Trek Experience because I liked to throw a few back and stare at the weirdos in Quarks bar. I am happy, however that they still have the bronze Elvis statue in the front of the hotel in the courtyard. The King used to play at this hotel when it was known as the International hence the reason for the gift shop with a ton of Elvis stuff.  The casino is nice enough, with the crystal covered ceilings. They have a a Benihauna village that my kids like to go to see the pond with fish in it.  

1 50 Alright. If you're expecting 5 star service and a conceirge to whisk your stuff away to a waiting plane.... you really shouldn't be flying through CLE. You should be sitting comfortably on chaise lounges sipping champagne (or your drink of choice) as the private plane is dusted off, bought out to the runway (AKA your driveway) and you a chauffered golfcart arrives to take you the 20 feet from said chaise lounge to the plane stairs.   For the rest of the world, airports are a midway point between stops. A place where you should be able to get a decent bite to eat, satisfy the urge to pee at really inconvenient times, and where you should be expected to be prodded, poked, scanned etc and indeed stand in unbearably long lines to do so. And when you think about that, the Cleveland Airport is definitely A-OK!  No Long lines. Decent amenities. Great connectivity to Cleveland (Admit it... Traffic means it's going to take you 35 mins from downtown instead of 20). Ok Connections (fine... it's a 

1 28 This time around I got to try the pasta bar because this place was so dead, no lines anywhere I went.  The pasta was not good.  The chicken in it tasted like it was pre-made, then frozen, then thawed out again. Turkey was still pink.  However they do have a new coffee station and it's up and running.  Getting seated they write down how many people are in your party.  Even though the ticket said six the gal tried to sit us at a four person table.  They could remove a few tables so people could actually walk around in here.  Tiny plates and immobility are not two things a buffet needs.  Food is just not worth the 22 bucks.  Skip this place. 

1 29 Terrible service, terrible food selection, 1 star because it is free so I don't have to pay, 

1 1 45 As a travel agent, I was completely appalled at how they handled one of my clients booking for a Grand Canyon Tour. Firstly they couldn't find his reservation that I had made when he called to reconfirm 24hrs prior. After I called and gave a little bit of hell- the agent proceeded to tell me the tour was booked for the date that I booked my client on and that he would have to change his dates! Hello! My client was only in Vegas for 2 nights!  All and all, after going back with Showtime tours, the agent there pretty much told me the tours were cancelled and my client was screwed SO I told them to cancel and process a refund, in which the agent said "FINE" and hung up on me...  Needless to say, the next 4 Grand Canyon Tours I've booked all have gone to another local company...   I would give them ZERO stars if I could but STAY away from Showtime Tours they are not worth the time...

1 31 Figuring we were both already dolled up, my girlfriend and I went for a post-event drink last night. The bar up front seemed a bit exposed to the lobby but the bar in back was pleasantly secluded and looked onto the expansive and lush patio. The patio being full, we took a seat at the bar while we waiting for a table outside to open up. Our bartender was a guy named Chris who was absolutely amazing. Funny, friendly and professional he gave us a great wine suggestion (a bottle of great chardonnay, the name of which I cannot remember) and food suggestions, skip the poutine which was too heavy, go with the pleasant smoked salmon salad, light and flavorful.   Even though the bar was fairly empty I was still without a stool, giving the lone spare to my GF (chivalrous as ever). Also, the decor didn't strike me as particularly nice - not unpleasant, but not the kind of seating you would expect for a world-class hotel. We had our glass and waiting. We saw two seats open up but the hostess neve 

1 33 Flew in an out in a 36 hr period for an interview. Arrived at 1045 am on a Thursday, flew out at 320 pm on a Friday so I can't comment on how rush hour and high traffic hours at CLE are. Not really much options in terms of food, but there are a few places. Don't ask about the construction in B terminal but it seems like it has been going on awhile and they weren't actually doing anything while I was here.  In terms of rental cars, not all that clear where to pick up the shuttle to get them. Just be aware that one shuttle takes you to the rental car pick up plaza that houses Enterprise, National, etc 

0 35 This place was ok. I've had better in Charlotte. I've seen this place before and I wanted to try it and I was in the area so I decided to stop. I had the whiting platter with baked sweet potato and a side of fries. I didn't like the kind of fries that they serve, I love French fries especially the crinkle cut but there is one particular kind of FF's that I don't like and they just so happen to serve them. Another thing I didn't like was that the fish still had the skin on  it, not too much of a big deal cause I ate it but I prefer my fish without it. I do like the face that they give u the option of a regular baked potato or sweet potato.  My server was very nice but she was running around like she had a lot of tables and that place wasn't that busy considering it was lunch time. She forgot my straws for my drinks and my extra napkins until I was able to get her attention again. Other than that this place was look. Would I come back? Maybe but there are some other nice restaurants in t

0 38 Dark, depressing, confining, and old. This is an ugly Airport terminal that has long past due for replacement. two points, versus one point, because the bathrooms are relatively clean and the space is well-maintained.  The beige color everywhere is reminiscent of the days when the airport was filled with cigarette smokers. 

1 40 Ok I'm giving this place one more star than before because they are trying. Table limits seemed to have raised and I noticed that there were a lot less undesirables at the roulette tables. Still could use to have more tables though because I was only able to get on a table once in three days. The horrible smell emanating from casino (carpet powder? Air freshener?) is not as strong as before but it's still there. It needs to go. Something neutral would be good-but the smell has gone down a bit which is nice because it used to turn my stomach worse. Siegels restaurant had potential but isn't going to make it if their service doesn't improve. Ate there on Friday night and it was a horrible wait-and what made it more horrible was seeing lots of people complaining. I shouldn't have to have a table next to me questioning me on why my food came first and not theirs. Food was decent.  Ok-it's a casino-shouldn't there be entertainment? With all these improvements and the only entertainment is a 

1 46 What to do while sitting at the airport...write reviews!  They offer free Wi-Fi...though it isn't the fastest...it is free so no complaints here.   There are plenty of parking options for short and long term parking either at the airport itself or at one of the off site options.   The security staff does their best to move the line quickly. I believe they recognize it isn't a pleasant experience so they do their best to be friendly and smile.   There are plenty of food options from grab and go to sit down.  I fly out of here so I eat before I come...as such I do not have any reccomendations or reviews for the restaurants.   The bath rooms could be more plentiful and cleaner. I hate having to bring my carry on in there because the floors usually need attention. 

0 47 Small, dirty rooms...   I stayed here the Sunday night of All-Star weekend and was pretty excited considering the location and possible celebrity-spotting.   When I walked into the hotel room, I was a bit shocked at the layout and size of the room. The bed was smack-dabbed in the middle of the room and the bathroom was basically out in the open, just a few feet away from the bed.   While I was getting ready in the narrow and tiny restroom, I realized it looked like there were tiny splatters of blood on the wall over the toilet. SO GROSS! We just left it at that since it wasn't like we were going to touch it or anything.   After lounging on the bed and looking things over in the room, it looked like it had been a while since they had rented out that room. Everything was pretty dusty, and it looked like someone had burnt parts of the wooden bed frame.   We ventured to the pool that night for the All-Star after party and it was truly beautiful. The lighting was great, and the stage was se 

1 48 I pass the 9 all the time, so i decided to try their brunch one day. It is located in the 9 Hotel. The place is nice inside, really fancy, gives a romantic ambience. We were given our menu in a physical form as well as on an ipad, a freaking IPAD lol.  The prices were WAY to high for my usual commitment to food costs, and honestly the food didnt wow me, but i guess they have to pay for the cost of those "ipad" menu's lol. The service here was ABSOLUTELY horrible, we waited an hour for seating, then another hour and a half for food, the waiter alone took 25 minutes to bring out our drinks. This put me in a bad mood for the rest of my meal.  I had a smothered s'mores waffle, the name alone gave me a cavity. It was drenched in marshmallow, so unfortunately that was all i tasted. it was way too sweet for me, and a waffle that cost me $10 i should be able to enjoy all the flavorings.  My husband tried the adega omelet (tomato, serrano, bacon, arugula etc) which took a good 40 minutes to com 

0 49 We strolled in on Sunday around 5:00pm and did wait in what I felt like was a shockingly long check-in line for the day/time. We spent about 15/20 minutes waiting to get into our room. We hit the lottery however and were given a 56th floor suite upgrade from the amazing lady at the front desk. If your not so lucky and want a great view south of The Strip (MGM Grand/Mandalay Bay) head to the 55th floor and they have some huge panoramic glass to get a breathtaking view. Here is a tip... the 56th floor just has a big wall so you won't be seeing anything.   The suites provide some small kitchens but needing ice will provide you quite the adventure! According to the lady at the front desk they only have ice machines on the 5th and 50th floor which seems a tad sparse considering the large hotel.   The pH Westgate does lack a casino which keeps the late night volume down and the Miracle Mile Shops does have an ABC Store close to your hotel entrance to get cheap liquor, snacks, and even health

0 50 I planned a group staycation for a birthday, we made a reservation in the grill and we rented the "cabana" by the pool. First of all they don't offer brunch or any breakfast food past 11am. This is a huge miss for a resort, brunch is practically a given in Scottsdale. The food was good but it better have been since the burger cost $17. The service was super slllloooowwww. The waitress was nice but she somehow assumed that a party of 15 would want everything on one bill so we wasted a lot of time we should have been at the pool trying to figure out the bill amongst our group.    After finally making it to the pool we walked up to the cabana only to find that it was actually two lounge chairs with a pergola over them. NOT even close to a cabana. There wasn't enough room for more than two people and no privacy.  This wouldn't have been the end of the world but these people had the nerve to charge $350 (which turned into even more when they charged my credit card) for it! Absolutely unacce


 ###### Service  positive ######
1 1 The only thing that makes extended layovers bearable, is the Maple Leaf Lounge.   this little oasis makes time fly.    If I do not have nay pressing deadlines, I am happy to just read my book and have some snacks.  However, if the pressure is buildling up at work, I enjoy their wireless internet, and Citrix in, and get productive.  The snacks are usually perfect for what I am looking for.  They usually have a wide assortment of light items.  I tend to be on and off diets, so if I am craving sugar, they got it.  If i am watching my intake, they have fruits and veggies.  The staff are always non-intrusive, and the guests tend to be like-minded.   Other than the comfy setting and snacks, it keeps me out of the shops. :) 

1 1 I stay here every time I'm in town and love the property. I always upgrade my room and the view doesn't disappoint. I love being able to avoid the hastle of being on strip while still being right by the strip. And I've never had anything but positive experiences with the staff when I need them for something.   I'll keep coming back!

1 2 Enjoyed my one night stay here at the W Scottsdale.  Pretty hotel. Customer service was 5 stars with valet and the front desk. The room was nice and the bed was comfortable. No complaints at all. Would definitely stay here again. A+++

1 3 Went in the other day because I bought my mom some concert tiks. This place is getting 4 stars because after the name change, a little TLC and some good marketing this place has great potential. They had a cool space ship futuristic looking bar area I liked. Also, Sarah at the box office was a total sweetheart. Next time I buy tickets it will definitely be from her.

1 4 This review is simply for the pool bar/lounge area as I haven't yet stayed at the resort.  My Friends and I were out on a Friday looking for a place to hang out.  The downtown Scottsdale party scene is a bit much for what we were looking for...then we stumbled upon the upstairs area of the W (is it called Shade?) and I fell in love!  Service was great, everyone was very friendly.  Love the atmosphere...decor is hip and music (dj) was great with a nice little dance floor.  This is my type of place.  And it wasn't too loud.  We were able to enjoy the music and still have a conversation.  Can't wait to return!

1 5 I have not yet reached the stage in my career where I can claim to be a flight lounge connoisseur, but I can comfortably say that AC Maple Leaf Lounge is one of the best ones I have experienced thus far.  The lounge is well equipped with everything from showers, to the most recent issue of the Economist (which you can take with you)! The food options range from appetizers to hot food and to my surprise, the self serve open bar features more than a few top shelf items. Perhaps most importantly for frequent fliers, the lounge seating is definitely more comfortable than the average flight lounge, though I did not notice any beds/ recliners! Finally, I did not sense an air (!) of pretension and instead found the staff to be very courteous and accommodating.     Overall a classy and presentable flight lounge that provides a good first impression of the nation's biggest airport and city. Well done AC, at least you got this one right!

1 6 Been coming to this Resort since it was the La Posada in the 80s. They have completely  rebuilt and revamped the entire property. Definitely one of the beautiful resorts in the Scottsdale Paradise Valley area. Excellent place to come to relax at the pool brunch at the restaurant as well as drinks at the M Bar. During the summer if you are an Arizona resident they give you a discount on the rooms. If you've never been to this property I would suggest going and checking it out.

1 7 This is a great location if you're visiting Scottsdale and you want to be near all the bars and restaurants. It is very quiet so you don't need to worry about the outside noise. It's definitely an older property but very nicely renovated. The beds are comfortable. The kitchen is great so if you wanted to stay here for a long period of time this should be a perfect spot. The pull-out bed is also pretty comfortable. The staff was very friendly when checking in and checking out. They had a ton of work space available in the lobby so if you wanted to have a meeting or work from the hotel you would have lots of space to do it.

1 7 Want to live in a millon dollar urban apartment--or just borrow one for a night? The one-bedroom suites at Palms Place are a fantastic execution of sexy, sleek, classic cool. Done in muted, masculine tones, the mod digs feature addictive beds, showers-for-2 (with rainfall), a freestanding spa tub in the bedroom, plasma Tvs (with DVD), an automatic fireplace, long couch, all-stainless fully appointed kitchen, and balconies (a rarity in Sin City). And the room service is by Iron Chef America winner Kerry Simon--who also does a unique Sunday brunch downstairs. Nice details like dimmer lights throughout, Aveda amenities, and well-placed mirrors seal the deal.  The spa here has a super sexy co-ed Turkish hammam.

0 8 With its clean modern lines, brushed stainless steel kitchen, multiple flat screens and skyscraping views of the other Palms towers and the City Center-transformed Strip, Palms Place offers some of the nicest one-bedroom suites in town. If you're looking to buy an in-resort off-Strip condo with ample closet space, give it a serious look. 

1 8 A pretty nice lounge/nightclub with a variety of seating options.  If you get there early, you can grab a comfortable couch in the back.  They play music at the usual loud levels, but you can still hold a conversation back in the lounge area.  Good music selection and DJ.

1 9 I loved the updated rooms here.  Nice rennovations, for sure!  However, the 'Executive Floor' is located on the 3rd floor, but my sister and I could NOT find the stairs that led up to the rooms.  Because of that, we were forced to wait like 10 minutes for the elevators and people were  glaring at us when we hit the '3' button.  Whoops.  The elevators, seriously, need to be fixed.  They take SO long.  It's ridiculous.    Anyway, if you're a Hilton Honors member, you're entitled to free breakfast in the buffet.  Definitely worth it as the breakfast is GREAT.  The food is awesome and there's a huge selection..so there's something for everyone!   The valet is pretty quick here - compared to other hotels, even though it's always super, super busy here.

1 10 This is a great tour company the staff is very kind and helpful as well... great tour company i look forward to going again soon!

1 11 This is actually one of the easier airports to get through. They do have a separate security line for first class, although all the same scanner.   There's a great selection of places to eat and drink before boarding,, Great lakes the pub, paninis, all with very friendly help and a fast turnover.  Like the little vending machines, very popular.   The united wing has the club hidden way down by the end too so it dissuades a lot of free one time pass people on going, thus keeping the crowd down,.   Bag guys at the curb are super efficient too,

1 12 Trump is my new favorite hotel destination in Vegas. I had a fantastic stay even though it was only for an evening. Everything about this place screams elegance from the moment I stepped into the lobby to when I first opened the door to my room.  It was so nice to step into a hotel and not having to inhale the cigarette smoke-filled air of a casino. The room was suite-style with plenty of lounge chairs, a couch, and a coffee table. There was a pseudo-kitchen with an electric stove-top, microwave, mini-fridge, and even a toaster. The king-size bed was super comfortable from the pillows to the mattress and linens. Free complimentary coffee and two bottles of water. Double sinks in the bathroom. There was even a freakin' jacuzzi in the bathroom! Don't forget the super soft bathrobes. Last, but not least, a TV built into the mirror in the bathroom.  The one knock on this place was that the TV in the bedroom was broken, but after notifying the front desk at check-out, they waived my resort 

1 13 Stopped by for a drink and so enjoyed the view! Service was very good, Rachel was fantastic.  I'm eager to come back and do a staycation so that I can enjoy the entire resort!

1 14 Very nice airport easy to get around clean recently updated hallway floors nice murals. Gate agent for United did super job for us above and beyond. Tired of hearing all the oold trite Cleveland stuff

1 15 Jermey was totally an awesome bartender.  He seriously made the best Moscow Mule and Kentucky Mule that I've ever had in my life and I'm a bartender here in Vegas!   Thanks mister!   I'll be back :)

1 16 I've stayed here several times when traveling for business.  The staff is always very friendly and courteous.  The rooms are clean and comfortable and the complimentary hot breakfast is a nice treat.  The rooms are suites so you have plenty of space to move about.  Great location near Old Town and many restaurants.

1 17 I haven't been to this airport since college. After moving out west, nothing compares to LAX. With that being said... from the moment I touched down to when I left was an easy process. Everything was labeled accordingly. The TSA's & workers were quite friendly. I was even driven in one of those golf carts to the baggage claim by an employee. Some random guy working as a janitor remembered me from my football days. He even called me by my last name and that made me feel really good. The airport has tons of places to eat and dine. I've taken a few pictures for reference. There are places here that the west coast doesn't have which can be kinda cool if you want to experience something different. Obtaining a rental car is fairly easy. Trams/shuttle service available to take you places just like any other airport. Parking seems not to be an issue due to the population differences I'm assuming. Pretty clean airport, nothing bad to say. Just a 3 because there was alot of construction going on

1 18 Growing up in Cleveland I can't believe it took me as long as it did to get a tour of this place. This movie is an absolute classic. They sell leg lamps and many movie memorabilia there.  You can pretty much touch everything in the house, try on hats, hold the bowling ball, and take pictures of everything.    The day I went for a tour Ian Petrella (Randy Parker) was in the house answering questions and talking about the movie. Apparently he is there every year and even does dinner with guests and the Chinese restaurant down the street!   If you've ever seen the movie coming to the house is a must...my friend even crawled under the sink :)

1 20 Such a fun activity to do around Christmas time! House is located in a residential neighborhood of Tremont. We parked on the street and parking wasn't too difficult for us to find at the time we went. We loved all of the nostalgia of the House. The museum was a great experience. Would definitely go back with friends or family members. Definitely watch the movie beforehand. Makes it much more fun!

1 12 You could almost hear the Bumpus' dogs barking next door!  This place was SOOOOO AWESOME and even though I was in Cleveland unwillingly, this was the highlight of my trip! I can't believe I got to stand on the porch of childhood Christmas Icon-ery (Is that even a word?). A lot of work went into making it 'as close as possible' inside to the set used for filming and some scenes were actually filmed inside. The current owner bought it after becoming a successful manufacturer of 'electric sex in the window' leg lamps. I'm glad he was able to restore this place back to its original movie splendor.  I was even surprised to see the original mailbox for the Little Orphan Annie decoder still standing and while I wouldn't want to be in this neighborhood after dark, it was great visiting a true Christmas movie treasure. 

1 22 Very nice hotel that puts an emphasis on customer service.  The staff was very friendly, helpful and went out of their way to make you feel at home.  The fitness room had a lot of equipment and wasn't crowded in the evening so it made it easy to work-out.  Would definitely stay here again.

1 23 This is the public transportation company of Montreal.  Bus and Metro (subway) system of the STM is terrific.    No need to rent a car when you are vacationing in Montreal.  Just take their public transportation system.  It is better than most other major metropolitan cities.

0 13 This is an amazing hotel. I recently was able to see a corner suite overlooking the mountains, it was gorgeous. They also graciously allow many fitness classes to be held in their courtyard, most of the time for free, which definitely helps get the word out in this beautiful establishment. I've also had the pleasure of eating at their Hearth 61. It was delicious!

1 24 My wife and I loved the Trump Hotel. We didn't want to leave. We've visited Las Vegas 39 times so we've stayed in many of the hotels. We upgraded to a large corner suite on the 47th floor. We thought we would miss having a casino. However, we didn't. It was nice to be in a non-smoking building away from the casino. We enjoyed the pool and tried the restaruant. They were both nice. The location was across the street from the mall and down the street from the Wynn. We spent sometime in both. We'll definately stay at the Trump Hotel again.

1 25 This is the best hotel downtown to gamble Blackjack. Most casinos in Vegas advertise single deck $5 blackjack on giant billboards. When you arrive, there is one single deck table that never has an empty seat.   El Cortez has about 10 single deck tables. Odds are great and the dealers are friendly.

1 26 After my friends got married, we all met up here for a pre-dinner drink. It's a pretty cool place. There was no cover, good service, and a dance floor for those that so chose to do so.   I really enjoyed that there was enough space for about 20 of us and we all weren't cramped. That was cool.  It was pretty early, so the music wasn't crazy loud which was nice as well (since we were all catching up with each other).  If you want a cool place to grab a drink and hang out with friends, this is the place.

1 27 Overall, a nice hotel in a good location. Room was nice, and the bathroom was great- but what really set it apart was the service, definitely Ritz Quality. Staff was cordial and really went out of their way to make you feel welcome, and the twice a day maid service is pretty nice too. Some decent restaurants within walking distance, and close to downtown financial district. Because it's right downtown though, traffic can be a little hairy at rush hour so keep in mind if trying to depart for the airport.

1 28 My husband and I stay here everytime we come to Vegas.  It's off the strip which I like.  If I want to go to the touristy area, I can just take the monorail which starts at the Hilton and ends at MGM.   I feel very comfortable staying at this hotel.  They just remodeled the building which looks great.   I like the gaming selections and the staff is down to earth.

1 29 I've always loved the Hilton, even when it changed to the LVH, and now the Westgate. This place was built in 1969, so you can't expect everything to be new and shiny. That being said, they do their best to keep things up to date. Since it has turned into the Westgate, they have been fixing the place up. The rooms can vary, but we've always had good luck here. They have added security guards all over the casino floor, and that seems to have taken care if all the hookers that used to hang out here. Easy to get to the Strip from here with the monorail stop. They are also one of the few places in Las Vegas that still has 9/6 Jacks or Better video poker.

0 22 Friends come from out of town. In between getting drunk and playing endless hours of Rock Band, we hit up the finer things Cleveland has to offer: fantastic art museum, the totally underrated Rock Hall, etc. The thing they were the most excited about? Seeing this place.   I had been here a few times with family, but never took the tour because, eh, that crap's for kids, right? Wow, I was totally wrong. Even visiting in late July, there was a definite magical awesomeness about standing in the same doorway Ralphie's dad did when he received his "major award." They have the leg lamp, a B.B. gun shooting range, the whole spiel. A lot of thought and care went into this place.

1 30 The selling point for Trump has to be that there is no casino -- there's already enough casinos in vegas to choose from, and to have a high end hotel to come back to at the end of the night (or morning =P) that doesn't smell of smoke or have slot machines going off with their cheesy music is nice. I love how the lobby actually smells like honeysuckle instead, it was a wonderful scent to come back to.  The staff were generally courteous and nice, though some where a bit aloof and cold, we did meet three really nice valet/cab guys during our stay. The rooms are decent sized for suites, and the bed simply AMAZING. I was tempted to steal the mattress and take it home, but it was my friend's credit card info they had downstairs, so I had to resist. But it was definitely one of the most comfortable beds I've slept on. Housekeeping was quick to bring up whatever we requested (extra towels, blanket) and room service was quick, efficient, and courteous. The jets on the tub were awesome, and it 

0 14 I like the El Cortez, because they cater to old, fat, worn out farts like me.  Ain't too many places left in this town where a guy can take a $20 bill and play nickel poker for a couple of hours.  What's not to love?  They have even improved the ventilation and I didn't get a case of early lung cancer from second hand smoke today.  Way to go El Cortez, keep that old time Vegas thing of yours going. 

1 31 PH towers Westgate was really nice IMO. Unfortunately it took forever and a day to get my room but it was definitely worth it in the end. I arrived extremely early due to my flight being crazy early in the morning... so I had to wait many hours, but I couldn't blame them since their check in time IS at 4. Luckily the room was ready by 1PM. We had the TWO BEDROOM SUITE high floors and had 9 people. It fit us all pretty well. I probably wouldn't do more than 10 in the overall suite. What I was a little bummed about is that when I made the reservations WAY IN ADVANCE, I was promised two pullouts.. when we got into the room we only noticed one. I called and they offered me a roll away bed.. that was fine, so we took it.  The room itself was a really good deal.... especially for the summer.. and the it's pretty spacious and comfty.  The kitchen came in handy to make ramen noodles and stuff lol, oh and the water from the fridge saved ALL of our lives and our wallets too.  Sweet views, comfor

0 15 The atmosphere is grand. The service is unbelievable. I would say that they have one of the most comfortable patois in the GTA. The menu on the patio doesn't offer a wide variety of choices but  I do recommend the truffle fries and the watermelon salad. 

1 32 So far so good. Early Saturday after Christmas. Small crowd. TSA check in had no wait.

1 33 I have lots of memories of having the family drop my sibling off at Hopkins to pick him up from college or when he wanted to visit us during the holidays.   I am impressed that the outside has been renovated.

1 34 Could not have been faster to get to the terminal.  Fast nice tsa agents. Wifi connectivity was very good at the B concourse.

1 35 I use to love staying at the Palazzo, until we stayed at the Trump International.  My hubby decided I needed a nice little weekend getaway and one of our favorite spots is Vegas.  We found a nice deal on Travel Zoo and stayed for two nights on Friday 3/2/12 and Saturday 3/3/12 in their One Bedroom, Premium Corner Suites with a view of the Strip.  LOVED OUR SUITE!!!  We were on the 47th floor and our living room and bedroom windows sat facing the Palazzo, Wynn and Encore!    Some of the things I loved about the Trump that separates itself from the other 5 Star Hotels in Vegas is that their suites offer more privacy, peace and quiet.  In order for you to get to your suite, you have to go through double doors, which lead you to a small hallway, that leads you to the door to your suite, thus ensuring that you do not hear people slamming their doors, or walking/talking up and down the hallways etc. etc.  I love that each suite has doorbells, so that you don't have to deal with people knocki

0 36 Probably not going to earn any points for saying this but my favorite thing about Hopkins airport?  It gets me out of CLE!

0 17 I only come here for the Lees Liquor Experience. I love this event and have been the last 4 years. After we had the pleasure of using one of the 5000square foot siutes. It was nice. Have to saw decor is out dated but the place is nice! 

1 37 The Maple Leaf Lounge in terminal 1 saved me when my flight was delayed several hours. I have been here a couple times -- if you know someone who is a Star Alliance Elite member, sometimes they get guest passes and such.   What I appreciated:  - More quiet and spacious than the rest of the airport - Open bar  - Lots of snacks (e.g. veggies and dip, bean salad, soup, ravioli, chips) - Newspapers in English and French - Free magazines, including Toronto Life, Style at Home, etc.  - Showers! (you have to go to the front to get a key)  - Computer stations in case you didn't bring a laptop - Free wifi  - Nice washrooms  A relaxing way to pass the time while waiting for your flight!

1 38 What a great place! As soon as I was riding down Rowley Ave. I felt like I was in the movie. Everything in the house was identical to the movie. You could even lay on the beds and interact with the props. Awesome Place! A must see!

1 39 I REALLY LOVED flying with Virgin America.  The mode, the music, the staff, the lights, the comfortable chairs,  the free music and tv, and any other service you can think of at the touch of a button!

1 40 We've lived here for 4 years and had many stay cations.   This was my favorite hotel. Customer service was fantastic. Room was clean and nice. They gave us late check out.  And when we thought our flight was pushed back a day they were accommodating. We upgraded to suit. Well worth our money.

1 20 Always tons of fun awesome rooms great music nice drinks valet parking oh and the stunning lights and the pool area awwweeeesome!!:)) 

0 21 let the tourists have their fancy strip, i am stickin' with the 'Tez! 

1 42 Absolutely gorgeous, wonderful, perfect!  My husband took me here this weekend to celebrate my 34th birthday and he picked the perfect place.  He knows I thoroughly enjoy a nice, swanky hotel and this was literally perfection!  When we checked in, the man helping us briefly disappeared (into the backroom, talking with the manager.  I think it was over which rooms were clean and ready, maybe?) and we were left hanging a bit.  After expressing our confusion and slight frustration after having to stand there wondering what was going on (for at least 10 minutes) to a co-worker also working the desk, our guy reappeared.  He then immediately apologized for the delay and, without any prompting from us, gave us an upgrade to a corner suite with panoramic windows with views of the Strip.  Needless to say, it wasn't that big of a deal and we wouldn't have asked for anything, we were just a bit confused.  But the free upgrade was very much appreciated, especially since it was my birthday! The sui

1 43 If you want a Ballroom and Stage an Event like we did, our 20th Anniversary Celebration, Ken Ratigan and LVH Banquet Department is the BEST!  Superior in every aspect!.  I do 30 Seminars around North America every year so I'm very familiar with the business and I (& my wife) have NEVER found anyone better than Ken Ratigan!  He and his staff were attentive to all our needs, multiple options and making it all come together.  The remodeled hotel rooms and upgrades were excellent.

0 23 After visiting V-bar, this place although a lot mellower at least has enough seats available. The drinks are pretty good and you get a fair amount of alcohol for your money. The only thing that could use some improvement is getting more cocktail waitresses in the joint which really sucks when you leave the tab open and are either looking for more drinks or looking to close the tab. Having said all that, at least we had a place to sit and the atmosphere is chill. 3.5 stars rounded up to 4.

1 27 Depending on what you are coming to Vegas for, the PH towers may very well be the way to go. It certainly was an experience for us when we decided to pack our bags and go one random weekend. We were celebrating my friend's first year of grad school completion, and had just planned to do a lazy weekend with mani/pedis, beach/shopping, and bar/clubbing. But oh a whim, we decided to celebrate in Vegas instead! She had scored a deal on expedia for a studio in the towers for $250 for a two night stay (pretty good deal already), but when we got there, we got upgraded to a two bedroom suite! The twenty trick probably helped =P. But we were ecstatic! I had known that PH in general was known for their upgrades, but this was unexpected!  Anyways, we went up to our room on the 23rd floor and to our delight, our room was the last one at the end of the hall, with double doors. Upon entrance, my girlfriends were just squealing and jumping for joy, running from room to room, it was fun to see how exc 

1 44 Eye Candy is a greaaat place to come and hang out with friends for drinks and listen to great music... LOUNGE & DANCE!  I love the fact that eye candy has open seating area that is not just for table reservations, very convenient for guys to get in without having the hassle of paying cover fee or worry about the dress code. KUDOS!   Located in the middle of the casino floor, so if you want to gamble just step right out haha. They have large projection screen that displays music videos with the music - awesome tool.   Out of all the lounges in Vegas, this is my favorite. I have brought friends here all the time without any disappointments!

0 25 I love the Ritz.   Everything about it is luxury. It really is the ultimate luxury hotel experience.   I've had the pleasure of staying at the Ritz twice, thanks to a certain employee discount, and it never disappoints me. Not only is their lounge fabulous, even their bar is amazing - the service is great, AND they serve your cocktails with little finger foods like MAPLE BACON (BACON!!!), as well as a few other more typical munchies.   If you have a chance to stay here, definitely do it. As some other reviews have mentioned, they have tv hidden inside their bathroom mirror, and the most comfortable beds in the world. Not only that, on the fifth floor they have a brand new (absolutely beautiful) gym! I was so disappointed that I didn't have earbuds to take advantage of the tvs on the cardio machines, but of course, the Ritz Carlton provides them on a silver tray, as well as water bottles and apples. Oh the Ritz. They also have a salt water pool and a hot tub, with a great view of the CN 

1 45 What a wonderful Yelp find!!  In last-minute fashion, I scoured yelp for a cute boutique hotel in Scottsdale. Hotel Indigo was running a special, and when I compared it to other local hotels, this place is as bud-quality-get (quality within budget) as they come! Just to give you an idea: it was 60% less expensive than The W and Hyatt.  Location: Centralish Scottsdale within walking distance of A LOT! Quiet neighborhood (what in Scotts isnt?), with good views depending on your room.   Service: Friendly, fast, casual and comfortable.   Bar: Deliciously packed and very well served. I had a cocktail or two on a Monday night, and really enjoyed the free shot (some sports team won?) after a few glasses of wine.   Amenities: I never got to the gym (shocker), but the Pool was amazing! I repeat: AMAZING! Heated, empty, and a great way to spend the afternoon with my squirrel-friend.  Room: I stayed on the 4th floor in a room with a sunset view. I thought it was styled interestingly enough for a 

1 46 What an easy to use system--and the guy at the ticket counter was helpful and nice.  I can't imagine service like this in New York or some other big city.  For tourists, consider a day pass ($8) or a three day pass ($18).  The STM is clean, safe, and easy to use.  It is a cheap way to visit the many areas of Montreal.

1 27 Sheratons are usually pretty good. This one has lots of conference spaces which fortunately was not being used during my stay. Very upscale lobby area. Friendly staff, I was greeted every time I came and went thru the lobby. There was a mini store as well. More of a selection of travel necessities than a store. There was also a pool and restaurant/bar. 

1 47 This is the third time I have stayed here and I will return again in the future. The staff is friendly. The hotel is in a great location. The room is cute and comfortable. The shower is still odd...no door, hole in the glass...ummm hard to explain, you just have to see it. And It is still a party hotel, but now they supply earplugs with your room...I guess it is one solution to the problem. They have free wi-fi which is awesome! A Continental Breakfast was included with our room which was very nice and included coffee, yogurt, juice, and a bagel, muffin, scone, or toast.   Overall the hotel is a nice place and they usually have good room rates. It is within walking distance of the mall, many restaurants, and a multitude of clubs. FYI, parking is a major issue on the weekends.

1 49 love this little place. best part NO casino in the resort. booked here at least 5 times. never disappointed! 

1 50 Such a fun atmosphere! The pool is a great place to meet people and enjoy the summer sun. Though there can be many people at the pool, the service is still great. People are always coming in to check on you. I appreciate how they make you feel comfortable!

1 29 The Eye Candy Sound Lounge and Bar was a cool laid back alternative than going to a full fledged "club" The vibe is good here and the drinks are strong.  They play a little over everything here but its primarily hip hop.  Age ranges from young 21 year old up to old farts like myself but I would say for the most part its mostly the 25-40 year old crowd here. 

1 30 I haven't checked out yet but BRUHHHHHHH.....This place is A W E S O M E.  Room is big and spacious, Waterfall shower, sleek design, and a view you can't beat.  Pictures will follow.  I used the room service and the burger was excellent with some of the best skinny fries I've ever had.  The front desk woman that helped me was super sweet and funny.  Valet/Bell desk and all have made this a awesome experience.  One weird thing I wa told is that if you are local they hold a $250 deposit ( mainly because locals have parties and tear shit up)  but if you aren't local you only put a $50 deposit down.  I will write a bit more after I check out but the pool and cafe are on the 6th floor.... I wish it was open a little longer (pool).  But its so beautiful... 

1 32 This is the place to stay if you want to stretch your dollar a long way but not sacrifice safety and comfort.   Check-in is always prompt and courteous. Okay, it's a little smokey but it's a casino so that's to be expected. The food at Cafe Cortez is excellent and very inexpensive (don't miss the tuna melt!). I haven't tried the steak house yet but hear very good things about it.   Sign up for a players card and get some freebies.   I personally like to hang out in the Parlour lounge (located near the check-in desk) and enjoy the TVs and, in the evenings, live music. This usually consists of an excellent piano player but sometimes a very talented guitar player as well.   The server/bartender Scott works the day shift (10 am - 6 pm, off Wed-Thurs) and is the best I've ever met. He's been there for ages and his father worked there before him. In fact, his father still drops by on occasion and I've had the privilege of meeting him. Both will chat you up and always have very entertaining s 

0 36 Love it! I love the big tub, the view, and the bed sheets. The sheets are amazing and soft!!! I didn't want to get out of bed. I wanted to stay in all day. I was very comfortable in the room itself and I'm very picky with hotels. Clean as well. Wish I took more pictures though. I was too busy enjoying and relaxing!!!

0 38 The W is definitely one of the more 'hip' hotels in Old Town, if you are looking for a more lively vibe, as opposed to relaxing, this is probably where you should stay.  I have to say all staff I have ever encountered here from the valet guys, to the bartenders, servers etc have always been outstanding.  The rooms are nice and modern and they serve their customers needs around the clock.  It is within walking distance to Old Town nightlife and shopping at the boutiques, galleries and Scottsdale Fashion Square mall.    I am a big fan of Sushi Roku, the restaurant attached to the W. I have always had great service, food and cocktails there.  With this prime location you are also within a rock throw of many other fine dining establishments, cute local cafes and bars.    The pool parties in the summer are rocking with DJs spinning tunes, and Scottsdale's finest (or as some call them Snotsdale's finest) prancing around 95% naked, and possibly 10% filled with plastic.  At night this same poo 

1 43 The staff was very nice, cool room. We booked through hotwire which is great.  It had a refrigerator and free coffee which is good.  It was $100 dollars for the room, but then you have to add on the stupid $25 dollar resort fee.  Unfortunately that is what hotel's are charging now  a day in Reno and worst in Las Vegas.  It was very good, free shuttle service to Caesar's Palace which was good and to the airport.  They do upgrades, but $50 dollars a night was probably not worth it, but they did give us a room on the 59th floor which was cool. 

0 41 been to quite a few airports and i like this one! more than one decent bar for you to have a seat, some drinks and bites... (gordon biersch! woohoo!) seats are nice and comfy... toilets are clean... shops are decent....

1 42 Holy crap. Since staying here... I really feel like I cannot stay anywhere else. I stayed at their standard room and OMG. It was HEAVEN. If I were a celebrity living in a hotel - THIS would be my choice hotel.   It may be off the strip... but SO worth it.  WIN: No smoking, no casino, all classy  This is for the NON gamblers and really the people who want to relax. I'm not much of a party person or gambler. This was perfect for my "just get away from it all" weekends.   STANDARD ROOM: - Resort fee - $25 - includes wifi, pool, gym etc.   Like a TINY NY Studio Apartment Mini kitchen - fridge, microwave, counters, stove Mini living room - couch, chairs, table Bed - lots of pillows and plushness - LOVE, TV Lots of closet space  BATHROOM: There's a TV in the bathroom! Eek! I love it!  Jet stream tub separate glass (be careful) doorway to the toilet and also a shower  CONDIMENTS:  The shampoo and conditioner stuff was nice. Very good selection - as an Asian - I look at that sh*t. :) Very good 

1 43 Planet Hollywood Towers Rocks baby!   This hotel is just pure SEXY!   Two bedroom suite review only!  This awesome and lavish 950 square-foot room includes a full kitchen with high-end stainless steel appliances. Floor-to-ceiling windows, two marble accented bathrooms, and  spa tubs with separate showers, and you've found the very definition of SEXY accommodations.   Features:  1 HD Projector, 4 Flat Screen TV's, Alarm Clock, Cable, Coffeemaker, Data Port, Dual-Line Telephone, Fully Equipped Kitchen, Hairdryer, Hi-Speed Internet Access (Fee), Iron/Ironing Board, Jacuzzi Tub, Microwave, Refrigerator, Washer & Dryer.   This property is Star-worthy digs that is for sure!   Non-Smoking Rooms Only.   They have everything including detergent for the washer and dryer if you choose to wash a load of clothes before you take off!   The only thing your two bedroom suite will not have is food and clothing, other than that you are good to go!   Please lock me in this room, I have been oh so Naughty 

1 44 Probably closer to 3 than 4, but I'm in a generous mood tonight.  I lucked out and got a renovated room.  The front desk staff was efficient and cordial on check-in and the valet parking staff excels at customer service.  The buffet is excellent, especially the pasta bar.  A few negatives.... the hallways are disgusting.  Lots of plates on the floor I'm on.   Also, the buffet staff can be slow at times, so you may want to pace yourself for drink refills.  And no free wi-fi.  That's a HUGE minus, in my book.  All in all, a pretty good hotel, especially if you're in Vegas for a convention. 

0 46 Welcome back to the 70's, but not oldie-moldie, it's totally restored/renewed/made-to-look-70's.  It's cool, it's hip, and ultra fab.  Staying here is like a non-stop party, that happens to have place a place to crash at, too.  It's quite shaggadelic.  I liked the whole open-desk, check-in/out process with lobby.  The color scheme is just how you remember it growing up, or how your grandma's house was: orange, green, brown, and beige -- the lighting and furniture is all very retro cool. On a nice hot day, the pool has tons of bikini babes (erase Grandma image, I'm talking BABES), dudes, and the drinks are fully-flowing.  Want a quite and serene stay -- don't come here!  It can get quite loud.  Parking is easy, but the walk/drive to the rooms feels like your making your way thru a large apartment complex. The rooms decor continue the 70's theme with a low profile bed, modern desk and furniture...and a B&W TV without a remote (kidding!  nice flatscreen).  The bathroom, the sink and count 

0 48 They have a nice non-denominational prayer room. The tile art in the floor features interesting patterns and images. 

0 19 Nice little casino, went here for raiding the rock vault 

0 20 Definitely a 5 star hotel. You might not like the guy but you gotta like the hotel. It's casino and smoke free plus pet friendly. That being said it's a very family vacation friendly hotel. It's got its own crosswalk right into fashion show mall, and parking is valet only. I stayed with my boyfriend in a penthouse on the 62nd floor for two nights. The view is spectacular. It's not cheap, but you do get a nice tv in living room with comfortable chairs that you can spread out and relax in, another tv in the bedroom which is connected along with the first to a dvr so you don't miss your shows while out enjoying Vegas. You can also Chromecast to the tv. There's a full kitchen complete with oven, dishwasher, fridge that you can actually use, and the cooking utensils and plates you'd need to cook. The bathroom has a HUGE walk-in shower, a huge jetted tub, two sinks, a scale,  and a toilet and bidet. There's a second half bath as well (sink and toilet). Definitely a great place to relax. Caba 

0 21 Pretty chill spot. No fee, just a place to relax, people watch and dance. 

0 32 Love this hotel!! This is my absolute favorite hotel in Las Vegas!!   They are the only nice hotel that allows dogs. My dog is about 80 pounds and no problems.   Nice rooms, comfortable beds, and stunning views. Plus the fact that there is no casino!! 

1 40 So on our last trip to Vegas it was for a joint bachelor and bachelorette party.  Well I already told you how crappy the bachelor suite at caesar's was.  Well the girl's got an awesome room instead.  First off they got a great deal, their suite was super cheap.  They paid 300 bucks a night which was more than 1/3 of what we paid for.  Granted their suite was smaller but wow was it nicer.  First off the wonderful view.  You're overlooking the new Aria/city center area, the paris tower is in the background and you're overlooking their pool.  The place is basically brand new.  It came with all of the newest  amenities: projectors, LCDs, remote controlled curtains, everything controlled by a single remote.  The shower had 2 shower heads, they had a full kitchen, with a refrig that dispensed filtered water.  It was just so freaking nice.  The guys were jealous. Look for a deal online, you won't regret it. 

0 46 I'd never thought to stay at the Trump on my past trips to Vegas because I thought it would be boring, having no casino, no clubs, and being slightly off the strip. Little did I know that this actually is what makes the Trump incredible!   You can party all night and stumble into this classy, peaceful hotel without the scent of smoke and skanky drunks and old gamblers, then slip into your suite (they're all suites there), with its elegant decor, mini kitchen, and ginormous bathroom, and soak your night away in the huge jacuzzi bathtub or huge marble shower.   Each room has a pull out bed, as well, so you can actually fit a lot of people in there. And I was so impressed by the closet space!   The best part about the Trump is that it includes a 4pm checkout time all the time, at no extra charge. I can't stress how important that is after a night out in Vegas!   There seem to be some great deals for this place if you check it out online, so I'll definitely make sure to look out for this a 

1 47 "Fantastic."  Everything is fantastic, just like The Donald would say.  Seriously, have you ever counted how many times he uses that word in just a 30 second timespan?  I immediately felt welcomed upon approaching the entrance here.  When I was in the lobby this continued, and upon checking in, once I yanked out my Expedia Elite card (too bad we don't get physical cards for being Yelp Elites too) they became even more welcoming, took me to the lounge, upgraded my room, extended my check-out time til 4, etc.  As for the check-in process, no, they didn't ask for my birth certificate as my form of ID (2nd Donald reference). Anyway, some of the friendliest service I've ever encountered upon checking in anywhere.  The room was, let me think of a word...how about, fantastic?  Almost made me want to stay in, since I had just arrived from a business meeting and it was 105 outside. I could barely believe that this huge room was all mine for the price, other hotels I checked out before booking w 

1 50 Excellent service, great rooms and room amenities. A little off the beaten path, but its perfect for a person who's not a huge partier -- and not a fan of casino smoke/noise. Right across the street from the mall, which is nice, and shuttles to the Wynn and the Forum Shops at Caesar's. That just seals the deal for me.  Half the price of Planet Hollywood for a Saturday night. And believe me, not even a close comparison. 


