 ###### Food  negative ######
1 4 Furry watching 2011 concluded at Tonic....it was a fun time had by all....furries and humans alike.  I was the same as Mel U.  I had been past this place a couple times and never thought to go in.  I think it may be because it's on the "outskirts" of town and a section I really don't go to often.    First off I'll say I love the outdoor seating area!  It was a front row seat to all the furry watching action going on outside the Westin and convention center.  Plus let's face it, it's always great to have outdoor seating!    Since they're known for their martini's I had to indulge!  I ordered the Cosmo-Tonic because for some reason I've been really into Cosmo's lately.  With all tini's, you really have to have the right mixture.  I hate when there's too much Cranberry or even too much Vodka (gasp, I know!).    This was a perfect mix I'm glad to report!  Nice job shake masters!  I also tried my friends Lemon Drop Martini, holy bejebus, it was WAY too sweet for me!  I'll stick to my other 

1 2 This is not the place for Italian food.  It is a pretty generic Americanized Italian food chain joint but if you ever want Beignets, come here and order the zappolis... They call them Italian doughnuts but they are basically just beignets with chocolate dipping sauce and are great!  Other than that... I sat at the bar and the bartender was super sweet and nice, his name?? but the check said "khutso C."  Sooo, I think his name may have been Chris?? He was great, the staff at the bar were very friendly and cool but there were two guys at the door when I came in that had an attitude problem... I walked in and said I was going to the bar and they stood there looking at me like "whatever!"?? I mean... Come on, they didn't even have to seat me, thus do their job, so what was up with the shitty looks?  While I was waiting I tried the crispy asparagus app and it was good except it came with this heavy sauce.. I asked for balsamic instead and it was much better!! Also I have to say they had no 

1 3 With a Just Pay Half Hot Card in my hands and an imminent wall-shaker of a concert at nearby Howler's recently, I strolled into Lot 17's darkened but genial beer hall-ish environs for eats and came away satisfied.   Deciding not to go with a burger for the umpteenth time, I instead chose the Jamaican Jerk Chicken Sandwich, which comes complete with a pineapple ring, a drape of provolone cheese, and roasted red peppers. It's shame that the exquisitely tender chicken didn't smack much of jerk seasoning, though. Nonetheless, sweet, savory, tart, and creamy cavorted brilliantly together within a Sunday dinner-worthy Kaiser roll on a Saturday night. A flawless pile of housemade, kettle-plunged, perfectly salted potato chips complimented the soft and juicy sandwich with their inherent crunch factor.   A domineering cleat of an after-dinner treat, the Snickers Ice Cream Pie had me bug-eyed upon its arrival, something my wonderful server (name forgotten) got a laugh out of.   Carvel had nothin

1 6 very loud, wish I could give half stars, solid 3.5 but not a 4.  sausage was good beer was okay...just very pretentious and unnecessarily loud...put up some sound absorbtion.

1 7 We got the chicken club and the prime rib dip!!! French fries and side salad!! It was yummy!!!!!!:) Only problem was not a kids menu. They will make a few items for the kids!!! The chicken tenders... The kids did not like them... Not your normal kid friendly kid coating!!!

0 21 First visit here and I can not find any faults.  The place is nicely decorated and in great shape.  I only say this because so many Chinese restaurants I go to look like they never repair or update their furnishungs.  The menu has all the popular items but is not overly huge.  We ordered egg drop and wonton soups and then  Mongolian beef and Curry chicken.  Everything was served in a timely manner, looked great and tasted even better.  Very happy we decided to drive a little farther for this experience.  I think too many times we settle for what is convenient instead searching for better 

0 31 3 stars as a restaurant 4 as a bar.  BTW:I apologize for my lackluster previous review.  When I first discovered yelp I went for quantity, not quality.  So this place used to be Jack Straw's which was probably THE best music venue the the town has ever "scene".  Well its not that place anymore.  Its still worth visiting and has more than just a bar or restaurant vibe to it.  On nice sunny days the deck is beautiful.  We had a going away party for a friend today.  We made reservations for 30 for Sunday brunch.  Only place in town with a mimosa deal that would take a crowd like us.  You would think that they would maybe tell a couple of extra servers to come in at least for the hour or 2 we were there.  We had 2 servers for our group and they also had other tables.  They did well, but felt I pretty bad for the other tables.  The brunch menu was large, but mostly it was just slight variations on eggs and meat with some major exceptions.  It was a cheaply made paper menu, but the one thing 

1 36 After walking past the sign nearly every weekend this summer, I finally popped in to Prohibition for "the best brunch in town" when I realized I was much too lazy to attempt cooking for myself.  Admittedly, I have a tough time getting up and getting dressed on the weekends, so I'm not much of a brunch connoisseur.  That being said, their "best brunch in town" claims may not be that far from the truth.  I ordered the stuffed French toast, which featured two LARGE slices of sourdough bread, stuffed with mascarpone cheese, and topped with enough maple syrup, fresh strawberries, and whipped cream to put me into a sugar coma for the rest of the day.  Coming with a side of bacon, I couldn't ask for anything more.  Their brunch menu isn't extensive, but what they lack in options they make up for with pure quality, both in the ingredients they use and portion sizes they present.  My stuffed French toast left me entirely stuffed and very, very happy.  It's definitely on the pricier side ($13 fo 

0 10 Clever and Deceptive Koi-ness  It's the middle of summer. Pump up your AC! Especially since your kitchen shares the bar & dining room and the majority of your dishes are HOT, never mind your clientele. ;-)  2 of the 3 stars go to:  1) Jarod: the epitome of a composed and well-conducted host. If you look up "host" in the dictionary, Jarod's picture should be displayed. He was bombarded every minute from our arrival to when we were eventually seated. He was calm, collected and extremely pleasant. The best part, when he came to fetch us at Central Wine he said, "Your table is ready. Don't rush. You waited for us. We will wait for you." *Phenomenal*   2) Courteous Wait Staff: at no point did we receive any attitude to our hungry and impatient (did I mention over-heated?) dispositions. Instead, we were comped and sweetened with desert and smiles.  The 2 hour wait to be served a semblance of food & beverage from check-in to seating is absurd. We arrived at 7:20 and were told a couple tables  

1 8 (2.5/3) For first timers, this 'restaurant' is organized a lot like a high-tech, italian-only food court. Walk in and an employee will hand you a handy, dandy card which you use to swipe and accumulate expenses at various food stations (pasta, salad, antipasto, pizza, bar, dessert). It's convenient and not too crowded. Apparently the pasta is made fresh daily and they actually cook the dish in front of you--note, this significantly increases your wait time.   I ordered the Pasta Vongole (one of the specials listed in front of the pasta station - $9.95). It was supposed to have white wine, clams, garlic, capers, and anchovies. However, upon closer inspection, my capers and anchovies must have vanished in thin air. The pasta is good, but the dish as a whole lacked flavor. LIke past reviewers, I also found my pasta dry (however, one of my friends had pasta that looked like it was sauced in soup). Serving sizes are huge though (considering how filling pasta can be). My friend who got the c

0 43 With so may good places to eat in Vegas our dinners were booked, so to sneak in Bouchon we went there for brunch.   I ordered the Croque Madame, toasted ham and cheese on brioche topped with a fried egg and mornay sauce.  The sandwich was just as you'd imagine, but the egg and mornay sauce add so much to it.  The mornay sauce was rich and velvety smooth.  The egg enhanced the sandwich the same way adding a fried egg to a cheese burger does. It also came with pommes frites, or in english, "french fries", and a whole mound of them!  So much that a table of 4 could not finish them.   They were really good, maybe in the top 5 fries ever.  After all who makes French fries better than the French?  Well maybe McDonnalds... Wait, did i just compare Bouchon to McDonnalds?  Anyway they were light, crispy, and delicious.  We also ordered french beignets.  I was expecting something like the beignets in New Orleans where they are light and covered with powdered sugar.  These were a bit heavier and  

1 17 This place is interesting....in both a good way and a bad way.   Diana's is Diana's - they have really good seafood. Now what they do with their seafood is sort of a hit or miss.  Overall, it's meant to be a greek restaurant style, but it's more so greek food for the Asian demographic.   Overall, my general impression is that the chef doesn't quite get the delicacy of the seafood is working with yet cooks it to perfection. The scallops in pesto - over powering and the oil tastes stale. The octopus - grilled perfectly but the tabuleh and humus and pomegranate - too much and not well done. The tuna - served on seaweed salad....doesn't fit on the same plate as pickerel with sweet mash....very confusing and very strong flavours.  But what they do right are the classics. Great deal on Oysters - though i found the shucking to be a little poor - but when you're paying essentially $1.50 a shuck, you accept that.  The lavraki however - now this is the star of their menu. It's exceptional. No co

1 19 After one visit at lunch and one visit during dinner visit in the last two months, Sauce is A-OK. Various coupons/discounts are available for sauce which we used on both visits. Groupon $18 for $30 was used on the first visit and Yelp deal $50 voucher for $25, which was found on the Yelp app, was used on the second visit.  On our first lunchtime visit, we were sat in the bar area and I took the recommendations of our server Bernadette. For the appetizer, we had the pepperoni stuffed fried cheese. For entrees, my wife had the California panini and I had the Italian chimichanga. The common thread with our appetizer and my entree was the mix of pesto cream sauce and the tomato based marinara and arrabbiata sauces. I didn't think that was a good pairing. I might have the fried cheese again but without the pesto cream sauce. I wouldn't get the chimichanga again. There's too many ingredients (meatballs, sausage, mushrooms, peppers, mozzarella, and feta along with the arrabbiata and creamy pe

1 22 Good beer, not the strongest drinks (sorry, I don't drink beer :(  )  and the food looked pretty good - I only ate some part of a pretzel but did not get any cheese sauce.  Boo!    I hear the schnitzel is great - I am totally willing to go back to try it!  I really like the atmosphere. And I want to hear the bands play!

1 23 This locations atmosphere is actually really nice since it's in the financial district, however no matter what one of day you go it will be extremely loud and will be very difficult to hold a conversation. The food is pretty consistent with other Moxie locations. I had the chicken alfredo with chicken l. It was extremely heavy and exactly like what I make at home.

1 25 Worst bleu cheese ever, ranch was runny and wings were fatty and shame on me for trying crimson citrus sauce, horrible limited time option.   Loud inside, still to cold for outside dining.   To be known as a wing spot, they messed up.  Server was friendly and attentive, food was awful.  Do you have to ask for celery?

1 30 We came in to watch some March Madness games.   The hostesses aren't the smartest bunch of girls in the world, ya know the type that's watching a basketball game and screams "touchdown".    The food was OK, it wasn't so bland that I wouldn't be back but not great enough that I'm making sure we make time to stop in again.

1 32 Decent burgers here.  Didn't live up to the hype, though.  One thing that concerned me was the gal cooking the burgers had long hair that was not tied back.  Just an FYI in case you're squeamish about plucking hair out of your food.

1 34 The very definition of a dive bar w a food problem. They won best take out for good reason. Don't need a menu just get a burger you can't go wrong. Love this place.

1 35 This place is good, but definitely not what it used to be. Before I lived in Vegas I used to visit this place a lot about 3 years ago. During shot show this year I took a friend here because I remember it being so good and I rarely visit the strip now that I live here. The positive thing about going back is that they have expanded the physical restaurant and so it was much easier to get a seat. It just didn't feel the same however. I always loved the 2 Italian men that would serve us and they were nowhere to be seen. Maybe it's just me, but I kind of miss the ambience that used to be there. The food is still nice but I probably wouldn't drive out of my way anymore to go here.

1 37 Good off the strip spot for brunch without the wait.  Well, still a wait, but pretty short and our group went down for a cocktail at Oak and Ivy they gave us a discount for.    My Beef hash was the best dish, chicken and Waffles had good chicken, but the waffle was a little soft and there was nothing to go with it like a veggie or fruit to be seen.  But $15 bottomless mimosas/bloody mary's is the proper way to start a vegas saturday.

1 38 I came here for Cleveland Independents Restaurant Week. It was a good deal for the money (I had plenty to take home because it was a lot of food!), though I don't think that the quality of the food measures up to that of other restaurants in the area. Maybe the other (non-restaurant week) options would be better. 

1 39 Okay, let's get real and to point.  The service is not amazing at Brazwells and the food is your typical bar food, nothing more; however, the outdoor patio is your numero uno reason to hit up Brazwells.  Your could be eating a turkey sandwich on stale bread and manage to have an enjoyable evening from that patio.    Here's my advice when you go to Brazwells: lower your expectations for timeliness and service.  Our waitress was nice, but beyond ditzy and I could see other waitresses just standing around, which led me to believe this is the norm.  That being said, the food is not bad.  Go outside, order a beer, watch the game on one of their many TV's and just enjoy the evening. 

1 41 I'll make this short and sweet. the restaurant is small and has a cute setup. The staff are nice and were attentive. THE PEKING DUCK STEAMED BUN IS TO DIE FOR. The lamb pastrami bun was pretty good too but it's covered in a vinaigrette sauce that's a bit overpowering. the roasted pork ramen wasn't as good as we imagined it to be. the seafood hot pot flavor was amazing as delicious and it did have good portion of fish, but it was lacking broth and the bowls were SO small for a 14 dollar noodle soup dish....  when it got a bit busier, the guys behind the kitchen looked like they were struggling to keep up. there were 5 guys running into each other and looked very disorganized and it took a good hour for our food to come out. I would come back but only for the steamed buns.

1 42 It was 15 degrees out and it It was really cold inside the restaurant. Too much breading on the fried vegetables. The boneless Parmesan chicken wings were awful. Too much breading on the chicken and the sauce was terrible. Grilled cheese was very very good. French fries excellent. Waitress friendly and accommodating. Probably won't be back.

1 43 Dinning at the Red Room is an experience I hope to never repeat.  Three of us arrived slightly later than our party, and right off the bat we were told that separate bills were not possible. He came back five minutes later to remind us again that we could NOT have separate bills (we hadn't even asked for them). Its a cash only, which is fine, but in this modern day and age, options are always appreciated.   The food was awful. A lot of the food is very clearly brought in already-made, and then fried. They have a very large, very mismatched menu. We saw dishes from Japanese, Chinese, Vietnamese, Mexican, Italian, German and numerous other cultures. I ordered Edamame (over boiled and under salted) and Shrimp Spring Rolls to snack on. One of my shrimp rolls did not have anything in it. It was a hollow, deep friend, roll. My party ordered a variety of different plates, no one was thrilled.   The waiter seemed to be the only server in the entire restaurant, so I appreciate that he was busy,

1 44 The one-star rating is based solely on our recent visit for happy hour.  Previous visits merited satisfied customers, including my friend's fiancee who is notoriously hard to please (he's not so much picky as a perfectionist with high expectations for quality food).  When deciding where to go for our February Girls Night, after considering other favorites, we settled on BLT, as it had been a few months since we enjoyed their happy hour.  Apparently, in those few months, their quality has declined.  Due to a current medical condition, I ordered Pellegrino sparkling water.  My friend ordered iced tea, out of solidarity.  Boring I know, but it's not like we only got plain old tap.  We ordered, sharing their fantastic popovers (which were still pretty darn good, despite the rest of the evening's shortcomings), the fried calamari and a burger.  We were served the popovers and before we took a second bite, there was a runner hovering, wanting to deliver our calamari and burger.  Really?  Rus

0 45 The outdoor views from the deck are unparalleled - but the decor is seriously dated and somewhat dirty. Under the right management, they could crush it with locals and tourists. In fact, that's the case with the few neighborhood restaurant venues - they don't capitalize on the location.  That said, a must stop for drinks on the deck. Food is OK. 

1 46 Since my last review was turned down by yelp lets try again; It's been a while since we ventured to Sewickley for a meal, best way to describe Lola is an over priced version of Ave B but with less than perfect preparation and very few local choices. Server was surprised there was such a  thing as a "red zinfandel" so obviously the pairing question was a bad one.   Appetizers were OK, We enjoyed the ambiance, place was dead for  Saturday night.  left most of the food on our plates, left a small tip and went home.

1 47 My rating is based on a recent experience on some of their main courses I tried. I did not order their oysters so I have no opinions on that. I loved their decor. It was really pretty and unique. The service was passable. No complaints. The food is where I felt was not justified by the price. The taste was just not there. The presentation and plating was good but I think they need to work on enhancing the flavor of their dishes as they have a small menu. Should you try it if you've never been. Yes. It is a pretty nice place in that pocket.  Would I go back?  No. I have tried better fish and mussels elsewhere.

1 48 Arrived around 10ish on a Friday night after a show and we were enticed in by the lovely gas lamps, the hot music and the delicious aromas. We were seated outside per our request and waited over 15 minutes for our server to show up-although her bus boy brought us water. When she finally showed up, we ordered our food and drinks right then, so we would not be left alone for another fifteen minutes. I had the gaslight chicken sandwich which was super dry-I wanted to ask for a side of italian dressing to dunk it in but our server proved that her inattention was more of a habit than a fluke. Also wanted salt and pepper, never saw that either.  Hubby had the   'famous" bleu cheese  burger (four kinds of meat! whatever) and it was very tasty, as were the homemade chips.   Sit on the patio and enjoy the very hipster, beautiful and drunk patrons-drunk being the keyword here. Also creepy taxi drivers that also appeared intoxicated hanging around the front door. We will try it again, but earlier

1 49 Not up to par with Vegas standards.  Dining room is accented with blues and ivories against espresso colored wood.  Magnificent, but it did not hide the lack of bells and whistles in the meal.  The filet was less than spectacular, and the plate was barren.  You have to pay for your sides, I expect them to throw me a few spears of asparagus when I'm paying $50 for a slab of meat!  The crusted sea bass was a firmer texture, more like tuna or halibut.  I was impressed by the customer service and the austere presence of the dining room, but I certainly was not counting the days till I was coming back to this restaurant.  The fact that Las Vegas Life magazine named Prime the best steakhouse still won't bring me back here.

0 26 The food is ok. Got the rustic Italian pizza for $17.75. Reasonable price since it's medium sized and shareable. The desserts are obviously the thing here - the infamous white chocolate brownie. It's pretty big and so addicting. You can't just have one bite. I think it has some drugs in it because after eating it, I felt really woozy and sleepy like I was drugged. Be careful. ..tip for girls: not the best to order on a first date.  Service is okay. Our server was Spanish apparently....but she can't speak Spanish at all. I think she's just trying to be friendly but she was extremely busy for the most part and couldn't provide an A plus service. I'm sure she does her best but the delivery is pretty slow.  Overall it's a typical restaurant with okay food. It's busy ...I don't really know why. Most of the food here are basic and lack flavour. 

0 39 Love Tommy Bahamas not only for the food and location, but the waiters and waitresses as well.  It is somewhat pricey but worth it. 

0 20 Outstanding Show.  When the corn ball opening tune started we thought uttt ohhhh,,,  we don't belong here,, it's going to be a long hour.  Then King appeared,, did a rope trick you can buy at any magic store.  Though he does it superbly, we thought oh brother,, this is going to be one of those Boy Scout Summer camp amateur kinda entertainment shows with folks wingin' it with hammy jokes and tricks right outta Readers Digest.  Suddenly the show caught fire and was really good.  King throws in a tiny little, harmless thread of blue humor, so if you need a totally squeaky clean G rated act,, sack up and laugh, it's funny.  Can be a hassle booking online. So use his website direct for a smooth transaction.  Amazing King still has energy and enthusiasm for his act after all these years. He appreciates his guests and fans., his heart seems to still be in it.  Prices can vary from $35 per show,, to as cheap as $10 or even free if ya finda a coupon in once of those Vegas flyers or hotel-casino 


 ###### Food  positive ######
1 5 Well, it's doubtful that I'll ever get to eat at the French Laundry so was happy that we got to try out his more casual, Vegas restaurant, Bouchon.  We ate here on the day before New Year's Eve so that may have been why we easily got a reservation at prime dinner time.  Everything from start to finish was pretty much impeccable.   Sourdough bread in the shape of leaves were brought out immediately with softened butter in a small ramekin.  One thing I hate is when warm bread is brought out with butter that is ice cold and hard to spread on the bread, so I really appreciated that the butter was the right temperature to easily spread.  For a starter, we split the Terrine of foie gras which was delicious.  It has a thin layer of braised beef ground down to a coarse pate texture, then a thin layer of foie gras, then a layer of prune gelee.  Served with crostini and a small frisee salad.  The slightly slightly saltier beef and the creamy foie went so well together. The prune gelee added that

1 6 I've always appreciated how fun this place is. Great food and drinks, but dining here during the day is another experience. A little too laid-back for those of us who have a limited lunch hour. Why is it always the "other table" has the fun waiter that is attentive to service?   Food was delicious (when it finally arrived), and as always, the fish tacos were great. Be careful of filling up on the fresh, warm bread and cinnamon butter while you wait for the main course.  Obviously this practically became our meal while we waited for our waiter to stroll over with our lunch.  If you truly want to experience this place at its best, try the late afternoon, early evening when the sun dips and people are darting in and out of the various stores close by. Great place to meet with friends and sip mojitos.

1 8 The time has finally come, THE IMPOSSIBLE BURGER is here! The burger is plant based but is said to bleed, smell and taste like meat. My husband and I got it and now we feel like we want to order different burgers but substitute for the impossible patty every time!!! It was delicious! It's a different texture but there is so much flavor and you don't feel so heavy after eating it.   When feeling a little guilty but still craving starch, I will order sweet potato fries but unfortunately never fully be satisfied. Not this time! The sweet potato fries were crispy, lite made perfectly! On top of our delicious meal I love the different ketchups. Seems simple but it's the simple things in life that we appreciate most!   Also the staff was awesome! Very friendly and attentive.

1 9 My wife and I went there last night to celebrate my birthday. It was our first time there so we were very excited to try another dining spot at the M resort. We arrived at our reservation time and the hostess was very nice and polite and showed us to our table which was in the back of the main dining room, which was perfect because it was away from all of the action and private.  Our server Dave and his team were on point from the start. They got us everything that we ever could want and or needed. They were very friendly and amazing and made us feel like we were their only guests of the evening.  The food was amazing and the portion sizes were impressive. When Dave said that most people order one vegetable and one starch for the table he didn't lie. The side dishes were impressive.  Starters  Beef Carpaccio - 4.5 Stars - Only complaint was too much Mache Salad Lobster Bisque - 5 Stars - Nice Lobster Flavor - Not Fishy at all Seafood Louie Salad - 5 Stars - Seafood Cooked Perfectly, Pe

1 11 Amazing place! My co-workers and I went here on. Saturday to celebrate a postpartum baby shower. I showed up late so didn't end up ordering food but i tried my friend's food.  The Nachos were delicious! Served in a baking pan with sour cream and salsa on the side; and even though it was basic nachos (veggies and cheese), it was probably the best I had - they didn't try to mess up a good thing by adding extra toppings. Huge portion too!   The drinks were so affordable! Hooch hour starts after 10pm so all shots were 2$ each and 5$ bar rails! I like the fact that the end of the restaurant turns into a dance floor after maybe 11pm if memory serves me right and they played awesome music the night I was there.   The best thing about this place, in my opinion, is that there's a mini bar attached to the dance floor with the main bar being so close and is the centre of the restaurant. Would highly recommend this place if you're not into the club scene but want to go to a place with good food an

1 12 This is probably my favorite bar in Pittsburgh.  The pizza is solid, the hot dogs are great, and the beer cave...mmmm.  My only complaint is that they haven't opened another one on the other side of town!

1 13 I'm just going to say what needs to be said- Soul is the best restaurant in Charlotte. They made a mean dirty martini and the pork belly tacos are ridiculously addictive. I think the fact that I'm willing to wait well over an hour  to be seated (which is usually WAY beyond my waiting threshold), says something about how amazing this place is. Go and you won't be disappointed! 

1 4 ...best Chai I've ever had and I'm having dreams about this yummy pastry called a "Man Bar" ...Bacon, Chocolate Chips, Bourbon ...concoction. 

1 14 This. Place. Is. Solid. We came here during the middle of the downtown lunch rush hour with a party of 13 and only had to wait 5 minutes for a table. Given the amount of people in our party, the waiters did an excellent job. The servers were polite, prompt and knowledgable of the menu. It is nice coming to place where your menu questions are answered without an eye roll and with confidence.  We started with the Pretzel Bun and Fried Shrimp with Jalapeño appetizers. These were amazing. The breading on the fried stuff was seasoned nicely and the Pretzel Buns coupled by the cheese sauce were simply irresistible.  I ordered the Cubano sammich and of course it was delicious. The amount of smokiness in the pork was a punch to the mouth but in a good way. Normally I don't like going back to work in a borderline food-comatose state, but this place was too good to not channel my inner fatty.

1 15 Loved the Bakery.. Finally decided to try the Daddy shop - Bouchon (The Restaurant):  10th Floor, Venezia Tower.. Walked in here for Brunch. The place had a Classy Decor, Very Professional Staff and Clientele were mostly Upper Class looking individuals.   Starters:  Bread with butter, jam and ketchup?!: Bread was shaped like a branch with leaves.. something like that. It was hard but the inside was soft and tasted fresh. The butter was kinda hard too, the jam was pretty good and the ketchup I guess was for the fries to come? Who eats bread with ketchup?  Cheese Danish - Looked like a croissant shaped like a muffin, with a dab of some cream cheese butter on top. This was So Flaky/Soft and the cream cheese butter lightly spread throughout was perfectly balanced.. This wasn't your ordinary cheese danish (pre-packaged grocery store bought), this thing was Superb!  Croque Madame: Toasted ham & cheese on brioche with a fried egg & mornay sauce. Served with pommes frites.. Sounded quite fancy

1 17 Love love love! I cannot tell you how much I love this winery. It's right in the heart of Pittsburgh! WAIT, better yet... right in the Strip District! Our very own urban winery!  You must go visit their digs, I promise, you won't be sorry when you're sipping a delicious red or white! This space is really beyond words. As soon as you walk in you feel like you've traveled to some far away castle in a romantic foreign city. It's dimly lit, with beautiful dark wood and a fully stocked bar waiting for you to imbibe.   They have six wines right now, but the grapes are crushed fresh in house (or at least in the presence of the winemaker, Tim), so you know they're not rushing to produce a mass amount of products, just a handful of marvelous blends! My fave of the moment is the Malbec. I've been really into it for a while now and really love their blend. I honestly have had some pretty bad ones, and this is true to form. I also think this is such a white wine type of area, I'm glad to see a pla

1 18 The neighbourhood needed a place like this! It's a little piece of King West transplanted at College and Yonge. Above Toronto's landmark breakfast place Fran's, Screen Lounge is a 2-level resto-lounge - I can see hanging out in the sleek indoor bar area this winter, but during this extremely hot summer, it's the roof-top patio all the way. It's got a huge outdoor seating area, comfortable and modern red-and-black-cushioned patio furniture and back-lit bar that looks very Miami as the sun goes down. The chill-out music sounding from the speakers adds to that 'sit-here-and-chillax-for-as-long-as-you-want' vibe.  Prices are a bit steep for this area (like I said, think King West!) but the staff is super-attentive and the food portions are a good size.  They've got some creative sushi rolls (try the Canadian, wrapped in bacon) and tasty tempura appetizers. It would be great if you could order Fran's brunch on the rooftop patio on a Saturday or Sunday morning...I hope that is in the works! 

1 19 This is our go-to place for lunch and just a friendly atmosphere. Very consistent food. Always good.

1 22 This place really does it right. They have a small but focused menu, and the food is pretty basic: burgers, wings, pizza, and a few sides. But you can tell that they do everything from scratch and the quality is outstanding. I dare say the burger is better than Fatheads right down the street (also a great burger). Highly recommended!

1 23 Fun place...good food and an oxygen bar. My friend did a deal at the oxygen bar where she got a massage and some essential oils to relax so I thought that was a nice touch. We ordered a few apps and drinks. The vibe is fun and makes you feel like you truly are on an island somewhere. I enjoyed my tortilla soup and a friend had the spinach dip which was pretty good. If I'm ever at the Treasure Island hotel again I'd definitely pop in to hang out and enjoy some eats.

1 24 I must say that I was very happy that they brought back my favorite menu item braised beef and cheese tortellini! Ordered an appetizer Lasagna Fritta which was delicious! Ordered some white moscato wine which was very good and the hostess was kind enough to give me a free glass of red moscato just to try :)

1 25 I love Savoy. In fact just thinking about Savoy makes my mouth water a little, that's how much I love Savoy.  The first time I sampled some bites from Savoy was at a Yelp event last year; unfortunately it took me quite a long time to make my way back, but I after the meal I had last week I think the wait was worth it. I went here for dinner with a family member on a Wednesday night - as a result the place was pretty quiet when we arrived. After checking our coats (this is more or less mandatory as they don't let you drape them over the chairs) we were seated at one of their comfy downstairs lounge tables, and we explored the menu, ordered, and proceeded to enjoy an excellent meal.  Firstly, there was the fresh free bread with oil and balsamic for dipping. I was quite hungry so this was a great start. One note, though - beware the spicy bread! We're pretty sure jalapenos were baked into a couple pieces. Tasty for some, not ideal for people like me though.  Then there was the drinks. My 

1 26 Very nice food!  Gluten free pasta was great.  The Ribeye was amazing!  Good place and good atmosphere!

1 27 I've been frequenting Harris Grill for a few years now and it typically doesn't disappoint. Their outdoor patio is delightful on warm summer evenings, and the inside, while dimly lit and a bit hipster-y, nevertheless feels welcoming and cozy. The menu is written with a heavy dose of sass and snark, which makes it a fun read. Who wants to order boring old chicken tenders when you can order "Britney Spears"? I should probably look into hiring their menu writer to help me jazz up my tech reports for work.  Anyway, I've ordered many things here, and their food is usually solid. My favorite meal begins with a plate of their "church basement pierogies." They cook up a legit pierogie, with a soft, tender shell browned to perfection and housing a ton of delicious, fluffy, flavorful potato and cheese filling. They are *almost* as good as actual church basement pierogies. Then I like to wash down my pierogies with an order of their mac and cheese topped with blackened chicken. Their mac is addic

1 29 Hooowww have I not written a review about this place yet?! I'm dying to stand up on my soapbox!   The fiance´ and I have come to Okra twice now, and both times we've sat at the bar (everyone knows the bar is the best place in any restaurant). Let me just narrow down this review to our latest experience (hub's bday - and btw, I know he's not my hubs yet, but it's way easier and a lot less annoying to type, IMO).  Some highlights: the bartenders are so nice and SO talented. Their juleps are to die for!  Next, the apps: you shouldn't come here if you're not planning on getting appetizers. Just turn around and go home. The Fried Chicken Skins are unreal. Think about the best part of friend chicken, and then imagine having JUST that on a plate covered in spicy honey sauce. I die.  On to entrees: you can't go wrong with both styled of fried chicken. I always go for the Tennessee Hot because I like a little bit o' spice and the sauce is killer, but my hubs goes the Umbrian style (your regular

1 30 I stopped by at Prime tonight after a grueling 9 hour business meeting.  When I arrived, I was seated at a great table close to the window where I could see the Bellagio Fountain Show in the background.  After I ordered my Whiskey, I had a chance to truly appreciate the beauty of this restaurant.  The decor is very upscale, romantic and very ornate.  A great place for a power business dinner or a date.  For dinner, I ordered the Butternut Squash Soup, Bone-in Rib-eye Steak, Potato Gnocchi and their Banana Tart for desert.  My entire meal was amazing.  Each dish was perfectly prepared and super yummy!   If you want a great steak dinner in one of Las Vegas' most romantic places, come to the Prime!  The food, fountain show and sexy decor rocks!!

1 32 Outstanding Italian food in the Venetian Mall! If you're lucky enough to be in Vegas and at the Venetian, don't skip this very popular spot in the Mall. The atmosphere on the patio has the urban street scene feel with all the mall customers walking by; lot's of hustle and bustle but it's not distracting like having a slot machine ringing in your ear. It was loud, boisterous... but nice! Very cool joint that I can't wait to visit again.  WHEN YOU GO- Ask for Sergio and wait if you have to. The guy's worth it! DO NOT skip the Filet Mignon Meatballs. They're as good as they sound. Lobster Ravioli, Chicken Parm and lobster ravioli are winners as well.  Very nice spot that is from now on in my regular Las Vegas resto rotation!

1 33 If you come on a Friday or Saturday after 6 or 7pm, expect to have a bit of a wait. One nice perk is that they have an open table that you can stand at to enjoy your pre-dinner drinks so you don't have to crowd around those sitting at the bar. I absolutely love the atmosphere at this place with the big wood-burning pizza oven behind the bar where you can watch your pizza being cooked. They have a great selection of wines from different countries and their food options are not overwhelming, but always deliver big. When I went a couple months ago, they had caramelized brussel sprouts that they cooked in the wood-burning oven that were amazing!! I've tried many of their pizzas and haven't had one that I dislike. My favorites are the Quattro Formaggio and the Spicy Sopressata, which despite the name, is not too spicy. In the summer, a huge perk to this place is their outdoor patio. They have a couple long picnic tables and also have smaller tables along the fence. On a warm spring/summer n

1 34 I had a really nice lunch here today - their sandwiches are delicious!  The restaurant was pretty quiet for the noon hour, and I would have liked to see some meal-sized salads on their lunch menu, rather than just sandwiches.  I had the chicken salad sandwich and it was a good portion.  I would definitely come back!

1 35 Great spot off the beaten path. Cool decor-great bathrooms if thats important to you to. The draft beer selection is 12 deep-but decent cause you can mix a few of em together. Bottle selection is average-could really step dat shit up. But overall a solid damn spot. The mixed drink menu-forget what its called but #1 is amazing. I wanna drink it till i black out and wake up in a gutter...its that good. The mint and fruit hide the bourbon and you just consume...and consume...and.....anyway support your local joint and give it a shot!

1 37 Great experience; 2nd time is always the best. Start with the crab cake, it's fantastic. If you're not feeling a cut of meat, go with the seared scallops and as a side, I highly recommend the Mac and cheese. Very awesome, almost like it is made with cream cheese! Great wine selection, get a bottle for sure. Dessert, cookies and cream pie. I went on a date night and we got out of there for $185. Pretty reasonable considering other similar joints in Charlotte can run you $220 easy. Another bonus is valet is friendly and accommodating. Highly suggested my friends!

1 39 Dropped in for a late night dinner and some drinks and the place was packed but we didn't have to wait longer than a beer by the bar before being able to sit and order some grub.  We went with sushi since is was such a warm night and neither of us was could commit to downing anything that warmer than the weather.  Between the two of us we got the vegetable roll, ki roll, spicy tuna roll, and salmon nigiri.  The rolls came out fast and disappeared equally as quickly.  They were delicious!  Fresh and wonderful.  Between the food, frosty beverages, and awesome tunes the DJ was spinning I left feeling full, tipsy, refreshed, and completely satisfied!

1 41 My personal experience was an afternoon coffee. I gave the barista freedom to create and he did not disappoint! Most amazing oat milk spiced latte I have EVER had! Finished with nitro coffee to go and can't wIt for the next visit :)

1 42 Great Sushi, young crowd. This place has a California, urban vibe. They pre slice their fish so you get your food in no time and the wait isn't bad because of that.  AYCE includes some great stuff!

1 46 This new sensation in Fremont will rock your socks off! And, it will, because it has a swing. A very cool swing, actually. And the freshest margaritas with the most intense flavors you're sure to taste in this town, and food. It has glorious food.   Stopped in on my way to somewhere else, was actually taking advantage of the valet parking that is oh so convenient, when I decided to stop in here to not seem like a cheater (valet requires you to eat here). I'm glad I'm honest.   Sat down and was greeted by a pretty girl in a cute outfit who really knows her way around a bar. Inquired about all the tasty margaritas and she explained which was tart, which was sweet, mellow, etc. Super helpful stuff there. Also threw some chips and salsa in front of me that alerted the tasted buds that delicious stuff was on the way. Thanks for the heads up, sexy, salty chips!  I ended up with two different margaritas. The first was a passion fruit margarita, which was fine, don't get me wrong, but it was n

1 48 Unbelievable food for a sports bar! Great spot after work and with the family!

1 50 High quality food, we always eat every bite, AND we still get to watch all the NFL GAMES!!! I recommend their Charcuterie Board, and the Spinach Artichoke Feta Dip at the bar with Austin's drinks;) Austin is our fave bar tender!!! When we  get a table, we ask for Sam or Tom's tables, because they are super attentive and funny, so the service is great. The restaurant is a higher end sports bar, and the atmosphere is fun, and totally belongs at DC Ranch.

0 31 Upper Crust is like Grimaldi's on steroids. The two places have nearly identical decor and the pizza is extremely similar. Upper Crust uses a little more cheese which is nice, but they also use cornmeal on the crust which I am not crazy about. The wings are huge and delicious, especially with the honey BBQ sauce. The meatballs are nothing special (with or without the mozzarella cheese), but Stephanie H would disagree. Happy hour is Monday-Friday 4pm to 7pm and on Wednesdays they offer half off on bottles of wine.   Overall, it is a very good pizza and I plan on returning. Next time I'll be giving that pizza cookie a try. I really liked Upper Crust, but Grimaldi's in Old Town is still my favorite for traditional NY style thin crust pizza. 

1 40 Came here for my billiards league and found out the food was awesome! Pool tables were crappy and the place is really smokey.   The reason for the 4 stars is that I had the buffalo chicken wrap and it was the best one I've ever had! 

0 30 Le bar le plus mythique à mtl, une ambiance festive et rock n roll, alcool à prix modique, 2 ambiance 7/10 

1 35 Nick's got a good thing going here.  DD's live music history is second to none in this part of the country.  Great lunch place, too.  $5 for anything on the menu.  Will be back.  Soon. 


 ###### Price  negative ######
1 1 I've been here several times over the last 3 years and the food is just okay! Nothing spectacular and highly over priced! I can get a better meal at  Taco Bell and for way cheaper! The service is good but other than that go somewhere else Downtown! Don't waste your money here!

0 2 Place is OK . Met here for happy hour on a Friday! Coronas were $3.50 and the food was well priced! Got four " mini chimi's " for $5 and our group of four people split the Mexican pizza $8 which was large and we had left overs! Place just seems like it has seen better days? They had garbage bags over the stools outside which was odd.  Music was odd as well played the grease sound track the. Lil yahty? I would go back just to much on some food and leave. 

1 4 Despite the drinks being an arm and a leg with the inside usually jam packed - if you're in without the huge line and go with the right people, Bar at Times Square can actually be a humorously fun time! Planning on tossing a few back? Grab a few before going in; Outside at a slot / table rum & coke - $1 (tip) / Inside bar rum & coke - $12 w/o tip.. I'm just sayin'.. I haven't been during happy hour, as it seems the place is bursting at the seems waiting for a Fire Marshall to be called. It might be best to go during that hour or so if you're trying to have more than one beverage at this place.   Anyways, it's a dueling piano bar with two fella's who know all the bangin' hits from the 50's all the way up to today's Top 40. A patron can request a song (once one ends and / or hasn't been interrupted) and if someone in the crowd isn't pleased - he or she then has the opportunity to walk up to the the non-playing pianist, offer a cash tip of higher cash value than that placed prior and have

1 10 Disappointed. The fries were dried out. I prefer frozen crinkle fries over these.  The burger was very tender and juicy. The texture reminded me of a thicker smash burger. I did not like how red it was throughout. I wish I would have known so I could have ordered it well done. There were a few bites I didn't eat because of how red they were.  The bun is too soft and gets soggy from the hamburger juice.  Overall I think it's overpriced for what you get. 

1 5 R.I.P chick. You were decently tasty but wayyyyyyyyyyyyy overpriced. I can't say I am surprised by the closing as the last time we went there we were the only people there at 7 pm on a weeknight...and that included the waitstaff...awkward.....

1 13 The existing reviews pretty much tell all...this is a beautiful, quiet space for any meal, but especially sweet outside on a sunny Spring day with fragrant flowers in the garden in bloom.  We had a pricey, but deliicious breakfast.  As far as "value" in Vegas goes (remember, you're in over-the-top Vegas), Bouchon makes my list. 

0 12 On the plus side, there are a lot of lights on the Strip!   From a distance, it looks glamorous and fun.  Up close, it's a different story.  Up close, it just makes me sad.  I feel sad because if tourists come here from other countries and base their opinion of the US solely on what they see on the Strip, they would think we are a bunch of overweight alcoholics, who wear clothes that are much too tight and short, and that we want prostitutes to come to our hotel rooms in 10 minutes.    I know, I sound like a prude. But as I see another drunk young lady, teetering in ridiculous heels, valiantly chugging from a yard long plastic vessel full of some sugary sweet, booze-filled drink, I have to wonder if she is really having fun or if she just thinks she is.  Another thing that is particularly depressing to me is the women who are handing out cards for "dates" that you can have in your hotel room in 10 minutes.  Do they understand what they are doing to these other women, who are someone's  

1 24 Went for the first time...ordered take-out. I ordered a crab burger with a side of fries (costs $1 more). I ate 1/2 of my sandwich, many because I didn't want to waste my money. The crab sandwich was oily, full of fillers - nauseating. As for the fries, not sure if my order was an afterthought. I received halves and crunchy tips, and the amount provided appeared to be the size of a kids fry at the local fast food joins. Not worth my money.

1 27 Based on only one lunch visit although not perfect I would rate 4 stars for food but considering and factoring price I think 3 stars is accurate .   We started with the pretzel fondue , it is large and enough for four people so the $9 is fair and it did taste good but neither me or my companion tasted provolone cheese in the sauce , the cheese sauce tasted like grilled American cheese and butter and the color was same as orange American cheese . The pretzels were fresh and somewhat rich .   We saw our order being ran out to another table , we knew it was ours and then we saw it go back to the open kitchen and a few minutes latter it came back to us and you enjoy your food slightly less when you see it sit in front of people you don't know .   My companion ordered the beef short rib stew with green chili's and corn bread . The stew with packed with big chunks of very tender tasty meat but instead of corn bread a tortilla was given .   I had the chopped salmon salad and was surprised tha 

1 6 Way overpriced for okay food. Sorry, I was hoping it would be a new favorite spot but I'm going to have to pass on this one.

1 8 Went here last week and we ordered grilled salmon with salad and seafood pasta. Both were delicious. We ordered dessert with peaches on it and it was soooo good.   But the servings were small although its affordable. Some places would have the same price but bigger portions or servings. 

0 9 Always a good time and has been for several decades.  I've been coming here as a child and as an adult and have always enjoyed the glitz and glamor of the World Famous Las Vegas Strip.  It's definitely the place to see and be seen. It has evolved many times from being the adult Disneyland to being more family oriented to back to being the adult Disneyland.   The waves change every ten years and so does the profitability of the strip.  When the economy is running on all cylinders there are high occupancy levels and gaming revenues. When the economy is slow you'll find less people and more homeless people on the walkways and streets.  With the closing of several iconic hotels to make way for openings of newer and more lavish mega resorts I've come to enjoy the transitions.  Being able to pinpoint where establishments used to be and what they are now makes me feel old and nostalgic.  The Las Vegas Strip has always been the iconic place to visit when you turn 21,22,102!   So much to see an 

0 10 Cool place, but extremely high on the Dbag meter for males. Its Scottsdale, but the Brosevelts are out and about so you've been warned,   You know; the 23K a year 'MMA fighter' tough guys. Affliction shirts, really?  Who actually/probably live with mommy in basement w/ their Xbox and GTA.  Weak

0 11 +1 right off the strip -1 $20 cover +1 large enough dance floor, well, when you're the only one dancing, the floor is huge +1 almost everyone is friendly -1 the bartender measured every shot and when I told him heavier on the Jameson, he pointed out the camera and made a scared/sad face he gets watched -1 hustlers everywhere  So, I arrived with my crew 10:30ish Saturday night. Some guy tried to hustle us for half the admission price with his passes. Sure, buddy, let's move along now.  After some wait, I paid my $20 cover only to discover the club was practically empty. We did some drinking and then by 11, I was the first one on the dance floor. The music was good but they claimed it was Madonna night. And they only played three Madonna songs. What's up with that?  I met some nice gay boys. At some point, one of my friends was asking why I was meeting some many people and not them. Ha! What can I say? Gay men love me because I'm one of them?  If I had to compare this club to something i 

0 34 Ok...first things first, I can't imagine a better place in Phoenix to go see Rakim. It was bomb diggity and if it was possible to Yelp a person, I would give him ALL 5 stars...  I agree with Dolores G, this is a solid 3.5 star place (I can't stand going to concerts in places where there are like 10,000 screaming, annoying fans and groupies, I really love the size of Celebrity Theater).  The opening acts varied from WTF?-Did-he-just -light-a-ciggy-on stage-instead-of-try-to-rap/sing-all-of-the-words-to-his-performance? (Dude, put the glow stick down and focus on getting your lungs in better shape and try to show a little stamina!) to Holy-COW-that-little-guy-has-more-energy-than-the-Easter Bunny (who moonlights as the Energizer Bunny, if you didn't already know)...  The seats aren't terribly comfortable (we opted for the higher end $$ seating, cup holders are there, but it's not exactly cushy), but since we only sat during the opening acts it wasn't that big of a deal (well...not for me

0 12 It's in a great location down the street from Pitt and the hospitals but parking can be hard to find. The place isn't very big but the decor is really nice and they have a bar that gets packed on weekends.the sandwiches are reasonable priced all under $10.00. I like that there served on fresh Italian bread but it's hard to taste the fish or meat on it because of the French fries and coleslaw. I know it's a Pittsburgh tradition but after a few sandwiches I've lost my taste for them.

1 13 Oh Good Lord Baby Jesus.  How I loath clubs like these ... nothing againts this place ... just the genre in general.  I was there REALLY early but there were so few "ladies" and the guys for the most part looked like middle aged tools desperate for a date.  Then again, perhaps a large part of it may have had something to do with the party in celebration of a calendar of Big Ten college girls in swimsuits (how novel!).  This is EXACTLY why Scottsdale is ... well ... Scottsdale.

1 14 Really enjoyed this a lot more than I thought I would.  The drinks were on the pricey side, but I didn't head here to get smashed.

1 15 Avoid the strip at all costs. Avoid. Avoid. Avoid.  Every time I go there, I regret it. And now that paid parking is approaching, it's even more unappealing.  The strip is absurdly expensive due to revenue-sharing between the businesses and the casinos (about 1/3 of what you pay goes to the casinos), and it's full of mostly trailer-trash in shorts and flip-flops, and overweight Taylor Swift wannabes awkwardly walking around with what seems like concrete blocks for shoes, all pretending to "live the dream".  For those who have a brain, that "dream" is nothing short of a nightmare.  There are so many wonderful restaurants, shops, and forms of entertainment off-the-strip that are more worthwhile....especially in Chinatown....just do a little research....starting here on Yelp.

1 16 Really like this place BUT IF i choose to gamble since you have machines at your bar..i should get COMPED a drink for evey $20 i put in ,..like every other bar/casino in your area...bartender tried to charge me..& gave me 1 free drink "because i didnt know" so i gambled up to my oringinal $20 & cashed out...YOU would of made ALOT more money off of me IF you  comp your drinks to those that wish to gamble..."hello this is Vegas" lol

1 17 I'm British so I have been to my fair share of pubs and this is an utter joke! The menu is a relic of 70s greeb fare that would even make a Wetherspoon's look gourmet. The barmaids look utterly silly in their outfits and the décor is absolutely hilarious! Don't fool yourself for a moment if you consider this a cultural experience. It's just another Las Vegas gimmick out for your quid (money)!

0 18 Sad and depressing. Well, Ohio you had an election and you voted for this, so it's not Dan Gilbert's fault. The only reason to go is for the morbid curiosity factor. I kept walking around thinking, this was the set for "The Christmas Story" and now its a shiny piece of garbage. 

1 19 We made a reservation because of the ratings. We looked over your menu. Looked very appetising but got to entrées and all said Prices varies. Why? Not a good look...

1 22 You can pretty much win me over with an amazing atmosphere. I was not disappointed when I visited during their first week open. Such a trendy spot with a great outdoor area right on the light rail. Large enough bar to accommodate the crowds. Lots of seating options (although it's been so popular that there hasn't been enough - good problem to have!). The prices were a little high, only negative.

0 23 Update:   Alright. So even though Sakana has its days when it's super amazing. Sometime I shake my head and wonder wth is going on. Today I have officially been eating here consistently for over a year. I just met the third owner of Sakana and am wondering how is it that she co-owns this place and was puzzled when I asked for half rolls... the manager was in a panic the entire time and somehow we got someone else's roll, and jacob didn't get half of this order. Do NOT try the wasabi taco. It is soooooo Gross. And apparently week day service is absolute shit. To add to that, the only reason why we got a table so quickly is because the couple got up and left since they hadn't been serviced yet. Did I mention it took my boyfriend 25 minutes to get his credit card back.      ------- I rarely give high reviews. But I really like this place. My boyfriend and I come here all the time, at least 3 times a month. This place is really well priced for what they have.   $23-25 all you can eat sushi

1 24 The concept is awesome .Its $60 an hour. So it will be pricey if you think this is a date night kind of place. I guess limited space they need a deeper surcharge.   I went on week night and they don't have any half an hour rate or weekday special to play the foot pool. So we decided to sit at the bar and eat.   Drink menu was reasonable but we were hungry. Thought we would start with an appetizer- and that's where we stopped. Our Margarita pizza looked atrocious and tasted even worse. Raw basil on cheap cheese on a wet pizza dough that didn't look like it was cooked.  I didn't mean to be rude- but when the waitress asked me how the food was, I honestly responded "Trash". I am sorry but I get cranky when I am hungry and having to eat that made it worse. Luckily there are other food places around and that solved it because that app gave me a good impression of the rest of the menu.  I apologize for being rude as the servers and all the staff were genuinely helpful and very friendly.  I m

1 25 Loved it here until they ruined it! We would usually end up spending money we didn't plan on spending while walking around.  I will not be bringing my kids here if they can't run around.  I don't need another place to shop while worrying about them being hit by a car.  Boo!!!!  I would never drive here specifically for the purpose of shopping at these over priced shops.  The whole reason for going was the atmosphere.

1 31 i saw Katt Williams here awhile back..show sold out, so they booked a second performance that night..let me just tell you..cluster fuck on parking.  this place is already pretty shitty to park at.. but umm. try getting out, when the next round of assholes are trying to get in. NIGHTMARE CITY  3 accidents and a quick escape by the shear recklessness of my will did i manage to get out of the parking lot within 20 minutes. meh. i wasn't involved in those accidents thankfully...but i might of caused one of them hahaha. oh well. venue is pretty cool with the round stage that rotates..but the drink cost..stfu. i'm flaskin this place next time..or i'll tape a camelback to my inner thigh.

1 32 If you are just looking for entertainment and don't care about food, prices, and overall quality, this is your place.  Food portions are tiny, plain tasting, and way over priced. But at least you have a guy that looks like Jesus with costume make-up singing to you.

1 33 Just trying to get inside to the lobby is a challenge not for the faint of heart.  I was in the Land of the Giants, crushed on all sides by hordes of other would-be concert-goers, every one of whom was at least a foot taller than I.  It was like being trapped inside an MRI machine or under an avalanche searching for an air pocket.  Once inside, the quest for air continued.  It was warm, too warm, and I felt the air conditioner come on just a few times, and only for about a minute each time, during the more than three hours' duration of the fabulous Eagles concert.  What, MGM doesn't make enough money from gigs like this to ensure that people paying $200.15 a ticket are comfortable? (Of course, we didn't pay for our tickets, so I guess I have no right to complain.  So sue me.)  And what's with that 15 cents on each ticket category?  It could have been worse:  at least we weren't in the most expensive seats, which are foldable and open-back and all the same level. No Giants blocked my vi

1 34 Smells bad. Insanely expensive. Crap service. Gave them 3 chances and NEVER again. Recommend avoiding. 

1 35 After hopping around a couple of karaoke bars at midnight on a Saturday, and finding out they were full and we'd have to wait 30+ minutes, we ended up coming here and got a room within 10 minutes. For a group of 6, it came out to $60 for 2 hours, so $10 each, which we paid at the beginning.  The room fit us all comfortably. There is a HUGE selection of Korean songs (even a lot of recent ones), but not so much for English. They have a lot of notable English pop songs, both old and new (ish... maybe from like 3 or 2 years ago) but if you're looking for anything really recent, you won't find it here.  Nevertheless, it was a very fun experience. Or maybe I'm just saying that because of the alcohol we consumed and the group of friends I was with.  It was quite expensive for alcohol: 2 smirnoff ice and a bottle of soju for $32, but once you start taking a couple shots, the price doesn't seem to matter anymore...  If I'm ever in the area and other karaoke bars are closed, I would come here ag

0 14 I thought I was going to some free concert, but the darn thing was over by the time we got there... oh well, so what could we do on a Friday night!?  Let's drink my friends.  I'm not about to hike to uptown, and Small Bar was a nice low-key option (aka cheap/affordable/easy on the wallet) right there.  Parking is free (lots across the street).  The patio of Small Bar is bigger than the inside.  On a nice night, it's a nice place to hang out, especially great for people watching... and I mean GREAT for people watching.  There was a 2-man show playing live music outside, entertaining enough, but I would be fine without listening to his sometimes-creepy pick up acts.    Beer special was $2 for Miller Lite and $3 for Stella.  Not too chabby. 

0 38 always a nice smaller venue to watch a concert 

1 41 Good food.  Overpriced. Overrated. Snobbish service.  Typical Fox concepts. Elitist/Hipster employees.   Unimpressed.

1 42 Here they have a variety of good beers. Nice , clean looking atmosphere. However their food is mediocre and overpriced. I will come back to drink here but not to eat.

1 43 Great beer and food selection!  But a bit pricey.  Three beers each, one garbage nachos, one sandwich including tip $82 dollars.  ouch!

1 44 Worst $7.01 I have spent on a cappuccino that tasted like a regular Tim Hortons coffee that was very bitter.

1 45 I was really skeptical of this place at first, thinking it was going to be hipster vomit and mega-over priced drinks. But after spending some time there on their non-busy nights, I really enjoy the place. The bartenders are always super friendly and chatty. The drink menu is very unique and fun. $12-$14 for their signature cocktails, but they are worth it. The decor is bad ass. Very unique. I always feel like I am sitting in one of my rich friends' dad's basement. Except instead of stealing from his bar, I just pay for my drinks like an adult ;)

1 46 Location that's it.....high priced drinks, mediocre service, bad food....this place was a lot better 1 year ago. Find an alternative

0 48 Been here a few times, for some reason a lot of my friends enjoy having their birthdays here.  I do not like waiting in line and there is ALWAYS a line here.  I should stress my main experience here is only on a Friday or Saturday night.  Its always packed in here, and hot as can be.  Hard to move let alone dance.  Often tough to get to the bar and order a drink because there are so many people posted up there.  Not my favorite place, there are generally fun good looking people but at the price of standing like cattle.  Drinks are decent and well priced, but I only go here if I have to.  Just far too crowded for me, too hard to order drinks, hard to dance.  No where to sit down really at night.  I believe there is good seating in the day, but they move all the tables and chairs to make space for more people. 

1 49 Whoah.  It was insane....   but not the type I might ever wish on someone.    More like Jacob's Ladder...  the crowd was a wreck.  The inside of the place on the bigscreen outside would drive off anyone.... freaky freaking of wasted people falling down and dressed like.... terrible, terrible dressers.  All sizes four sizes too tight.  ALL.. .men and women.  Very not cool.  Made me very undude.  You want to participate in the destruction of the world club scene through bottle service... yeah... thanks.   anyhoo... expensive and dumb.  Stay away.

1 50 This is one of my least favorite places in all of Phoenix. I'll grant you that I'm more than a little biased against 'clubs' in general (I'd rather relax, talk, and laugh than get bumped around, shout, and pay $15 for a whiskey after waiting in line for 15 minutes).   That being said, this place is the worst of the worst as far as clientele goes. Every Phoenician has heard of the $35K / year Scottsdale millionaire. Well, this is where they all come on Friday and Saturday nights to take on more crushing credit card debt so they can pop some bottles and impress some trashy women.   Are you a male in your twenties that likes cranberry mixers, works in 'finance' (read: entry level teller at Chase), leases a 328i, is not above slipping something in a girl's drink, and pretends to be some kind of pseudo-cowboy hardass at Country Thunder once a year? Then you'll love it here among your friends.  Are you a woman that is attracted to the aforementioned Scottsdale Bro? You'll love it here as wel

1 25 Skyfall Lounge was awesome. Good place to grab a drink and check out the views of the strip from the Delano Hotel (Mandalay Bay Hotel). There's no cover charge to go up to the 64th floor but the drinks aren't cheap. I'd say $13-15 per well drink. It is worth the price though to go up there and chill for a bit. The wait staff and the bartenders were super chill. You'd think being a high-end lounge, the staff would be pushy, nope, not at all. Even though the lounge can be dressy, they actually allowed us to go up in our LA Kings jerseys (we were there for Frozen Fury). Score!  The weather was perfect, Skyfall has an outdoor overlook (with high glass) for patrons to view the strip from the outside. It was cool! There was also a live band that played pretty chill music.   A nice place to take a date. Good luck with a table though, I think you need to reserve in advance or pay extra. You can just go up and buy a drink and stand around or sit at the bar. There's also a restaurant on the othe 

0 37 We stopped to get a few beers after leaving XS. Being that it was around 3 AM, there's not much activity going on compared to during the day; apparently there is a live pianist playing? Anyways, we talked with a few folks over there which was cool after XS (where you need to yell in order to communicate there). Beer costs around $8, which seems reasonable even for the Encore. 

1 38 Yummy yummy yummy!  Must go here!  Not cheap but worth the drive to Scarborough. ..unless you live in Scarborough then you should already know about this place. 


 ###### Price  positive ######
1 1 I love Deagan's. I do. I really do. The atmosphere is cozy and festive. The shrimp tacos and house fries are my standbys. The fries are sometimes good and sometimes great, and the spicy dipping sauce they come with is to die for. The beer list is amazing and the cocktails are great. The prices are mid-level, so it's not a cheap dive you can go to every week, but rather a treat when you do. Try it out. You won't be disappointed! 

1 1 Las Vegas is a :"copy cat" city. If one show goes then all the hotels must have one like it.  The tribute shows are making the rounds ( Elvis, Neil Diamond, "Ledgends") and this tribute show to the Beatles is one of the very best in Vegas.  A real  benefit of this show is that the ticket prices are $40 -50.00. A great value when compared to other shows with ticket prices spiraling up towards $175 -200.00 The show is presented in two parts, the first part is early Beatle tunes with the four dressed in the neru jackets. The second half is later beatles music with the Fab Four changing into Sgt. Pepper Lonely Hearts Club outfits. The final song is a solo rendition of John Lennons "Imagine." Great stuff, great music and a dynamic ending with "Imagine. " This show gets you singing along with all the songs you know by heart - and it does not take much imagination for you to close your eyes and swear that the real Beatles are performing right in front of you. They play their own instruments (

1 2 Great old type "bar" bar, good folks, and good ol' Warren Stiles...23 yrs there and counting...thats a familiarity you can't pay money to get

1 3 Great atmosphere, and best of all, great price. We were a group of 9 and we played with 2 tables (we were casual players) for 3 hours and we took out some soda drinks, the bill came down to less than 10 dollars per person. Pretty good deal for the chance to hang out with friends and play some pool.

1 4 Cute new place. Wasn't busy at all for lunch. I had the sopes sampler and the veggie sope was surprisingly really yummy! Broccoli and cauliflower. Server was really nice, manager touched our table. Also prices are very reasonably. Will come back!

0 7 Drinks are 10 USD each which seems pricey for the run-down area. Still, its a fairly nice lounge on weekends. 

1 5 This is a great dive bar. I love to go hang at this place when I have a day off or just grab a couple beers after work.The music is good, The crowd is a lot of fun and the drinks are not over priced. Anytime we're going to go out and have a beer I always want to go here. It drives my wife crazy she usually gives in.

1 6 Nice fun neighborhood bar and tavern.  Prices are great the servers are wonderful.

1 23 Nothing can top the feeling of walking into a bar after a long day and hearing a guitarist play Billy Joel's "She's Always a Woman." I nearly melted in my seat. Well, that was shortly before my friend needed to pop over to the bar on the other side of SLS to get a hot toddy. Then we returned to Monkey Bar.  There are a few seats at the bar, plenty of tables and couches to lounge around. It's a lovely place to relax within SLS station. I'm not sure how often they have musicians, but the guitarist made me so happy. The bartenders are friendly (some of them are kinda cute) and the drinks are on point.   I had both the Monkey Fuzz Gimlet and the White Peach Margarita. Just enough to get me buzzed before retiring to my room after a long two-day meeting. I was a little taken aback when the bartenders didn't ask me if I wanted a second drink after I finished my first one (unusual) but it was easy to flag them down and ask.  As far as hotel bars go, this one is great. The prices are reasonable

1 7 I have returned to Clever Koi several times since my initial visit and they have really stepped up their game....they no longer have 5$ ramen, but, in exchange, they have tastier food. Their calamari, hummus, and tuna chips are all awesome! Their hh burger is tasty too. They also have a number of good and reasonably priced drinks. I've been converted into a fan!

0 8 Best bar lounge of Las Vegas for sure !!!  View View and View !!! OMG ! Must stop by to have a drink there, you won't regret it, 100% sure!  Price of a drink between $11 and $22  But the place is a must go !!!  By the way, man and woman, please go to the bathroom, best view for sure !!! UNIC !

0 9 Ignore the fact that Mac King is one of the more affordable magicians on the Strip, or that he performs at a matinee hour. He is one of the most talented, inventive and entertaining of his kind. With a Will Rogers type demeanor, he will disarm you into thinking his tricks arent anything special. And then you realize that they are. I've seen nearly all of the magicians in Vegas--almost all have bigger budgets and cuter assistants, but none does the job better than MK. 

1 34 Made in for the soft opening.  Pretty good so far.  Very clean and comfortable.  Very friendly people.  Service was great.  Best of all the prices were very reasonable.  Worth the effort. 

0 21 Over priced and over hyped!  Good burger and fries but In and Out is a better deal and experience overall

1 11 Great option for happy hour. Half priced pizzas, you can choose your toppings, and you even have the option to order a whole wheat crust. It's hard not to get excited about the options!  They have a great draft list as well, and there is always a cider on tap, which I love.  I love coming here with friends, especially because we can all order a few rounds of drinks, share a few pizzas, and never spend more than $40 for four people. Love it.

1 12 So NOT rokkin':  Space did not ROK my senses. People definitely did not ROK my lust meter. Drinks did not ROK my liver.  Price ROKKED, free.

1 13 Classic student hub. Home to many gb students needing a to unwind after class or exams. It's not  fancy by any means but it's homey, personal and perfect for a evening of unwinding, gabbing and venting. Not to mention the price is right!

1 15 KING OF THE DIVE BARS...........I HAVE SPOKEN!!!!!!  The only real bar in downtown Gilbert, darts, pool tables, sex toys fill up the claw game, and cheap drinks. It's 100% worth the trip.

1 16 It's old and a bit dumpy, but the atmosphere and size are perfect for the type of shows they attract, and those shows tend to be an eclectic mix of really good stuff. Acoustics have always been good when I've seen shows there, and there's not really a bad seat. Bonus points for a solid bar with reasonable prices.

1 17 1) Delirium on tap, Stiegl in the can 2) Amazing patio 3) Amazing friendly customers that go here. It's impossible to go for a beer on the patio and not make new friends. 4) Grilled cheese delivered to your table on the patio :) Priceless  Go here.

1 47 Silver Pony is the epitome of your local country bar, but the crowd doesn't feel that 'country' per se, like the ones at Cave Creek. I really enjoy the band that plays there called Urban Country. The lead singer has an amazing voice that will immediately put you in a good mood. Prices are reasonable, we usually grab a pitcher and shoot a game a pool. They also have an Extreme Hunting arcade shooter. If you are looking to check out some hot cowgirls here, you will likely be disappointed by the selection. Perhaps a little seedy for some people's taste, but it's some good fun. 

1 18 It was a slow night or did I get here too late? Either way it did not matter. The minute I walked into this joint I felt at home. Slightly clean and somewhat dirty..... Which I like.  Prices are great and the bartender is friendly. I can see a $100 bill lasting here without a problem. Make sure you stop in if your into the punk/ metal scene.  It's worth your while.

1 19 Fun fun times.  Visiting the Pittsburgh area for a quick weekend getaway for football. We love drag so we were found this spot online what an amazing dive bar. The drag was definitely different and we had an awesome time and we met some great people. The drinks were great, priced well and the bartenders extremely cool.  Once the drag show got started the place got crazy packed and that's when the real fun started. We are big RuPaul Drag Race watchers so we knew Sharon Needles season 4 winner and we've met Alaska Thunderfuck a few times in Jersey.  Anyway very cool place to visit if you're in the area.

1 21 I like this place a lot. It's already hard enough to find a pool hall in the suburbs let along one that's not a complete dive. There are loads of snooker tables... I don't know how to play but I think I'm going to learn as it looks like a good time. Prices here are nice $3 for a day pass and $10 for a yearly membership. These day passes don't wipe off the rental rates though, you can look at the $3 as a fee every time you go and the $10 would wipe that fee for next time. Rates are $11 an hour for billiards and $12 an hour for snooker.   Place is very nice inside and super clean. There's flat screens everywhere and banquets along the walls so you can chill out while playing. Tables are kept in good condition and are perfectly flat. Drinks are reasonable at $4 a bottle of domestic. Food is served here too but I've never had it.  Overall, it is a an awesome place to hang out in the Richmond Hill/Markham area. Prices are decent and good times are to be had. Check out the VIP out back.... p

1 22 Loved it! Great interior and decor, reasonably priced drinks, nice cocktails, and good music. The seating is comfortable - just a great place to relax and hang out. I am looking forward to going back.

1 24 Grand VIEW - that just about sums it up. The only other thing worth mentioning is the price.

1 26 this is probably one of my favorite restaurants in las vegas...consistently good.  it has a very nice bistro atmosphere and reasonably priced.

0 27 Came for my bday lunch with coworkers.  Albeit during the day, it still has a fun atmosphere.  I'm certain nighttime is a lot more fun.  A pre-night out stop would be fun.  Prices are a little high, but worth the experience. 

1 28 Just recently went to Blue Moon to see the Spice Girls drag show! I loved it! The show was wonderful and entertaining with music from the 90s!The drinks were reasonably priced and the diverse crowd (especially the performers!) were very welcoming and talkative. There were a lot of people smoking indoors, which was a little overwhelming for a non smoker in such a small area. There were pool tables and couches located in the back of bar right before the patio entrance, which was not as crowded. There is a cute outside area where you can get some fresh air, but it was pretty filled with people and didn't give you a whole lot of room, although it was nice to have a patio to sit outside on! Overall, it was a fun bar that offered a great night full of reasonably priced drinks and entertainment!

1 29 This place makes our town unique. Very unique very different very interesting. Anyone and everyone is welcome here. They appeal to all tastes and price levels. Good new location better than the old one.

1 30 Like he says he's the best afternoon comedy show in Las Vegas [or is he the only afternoon comedy show?]  get a 2 for 1 coupon.  it's a great show for the price,  We enjoyed it.

1 31 Very nice place to shoot pool and throw darts! They also have a bar and serve pretty decent food there. Prices for billiards is reasonable and they offer rental darts of a deposit of 3 bucks i believe.  Or you can bring your own darts or buy there.  Closes at 3am for people that like going out late!

1 33 Marios is your typical Southside bar.  It is usually packed later on in the evening on Friday and Saturday nights. I recommend going early to grab a seat at the bar or upstairs (they have a really neat upstairs part of the bar that overlooks the downstairs).  The bartenders are friendly and quick to get you a drink.  They usually have great drink specials. Saturdays are $3 Blue Moon drafts although they did run out early on in the evening. The drinks are pretty reasonable priced (shots too) and they usually have a nice list of draft beer.

1 34 Great Show - Great Price! Took my 10yr old niece to see the show. MOST IMPORTANT - HERE'S HOW TO GET IN FOR FREE! - Go to the Total Rewards Card desk on the first floor of the casino, get a card if you don't already have one - getting the card is free too - then ask for coupons for the show, you need 1 coupon for 2 people, so if you have 4 people get 2 coupons, then take these up to the 3rd floor to get the tickets (this is also where the show is). The coupon gets you in free if you buy one drink ($10) or you can buy a VIP ticket for $20 and then you get a free drink. We opted for the VIP seats (based on other reviews about crowded seats) sat 4 people in a booth dead center of the theater and had a great view of the show. Comfortable seats too. ANOTHER IMPORTANT TIP - get to the line about 30 minutes early. Seats, even VIP seats are 1st come - 1st served. Also, once you get your seats go get your drinks. There are no waiters in the theater, just like going to the movies, you have to go

1 36 I do Karaoke like once every other year, so I may not be the best judge. All that said, there was very good sound quality from the system and a large, up to date, song book. Drinks were reasonably priced too. This place did its job for a good night of bellowing tunes amongst friends.

1 39 Great Breakfast and reasonably priced.  Sad they won't be open for breakfast during the week!!

1 40 A fine spot to enjoy a night of quality pints. The patio is high energy and be prepared to meet new people. It's not a place to pretend you are reading a book. It gets loud inside and out. The Stratford Pilsner is fantastic and priced well. Great place to drink on a hot summer night, lots of energy in the area. 

1 42 Speedy hot quality almond milk lattes thru the drive thru are about $2 less than nearby places.  The employees are always really nice & efficient.  I like it here!  Plus, If you're on your way to work, come here - the "other place" won't have you to work on time at all. 

1 43 I LOVE Soul!  If your are looking for a fun place to eat with friends ( and the best it gets for the price), there is no place I would rather go in Charlotte.  I went their for my birthday dinner this past Friday.  The Soul Roll was amazing, the sushi was so fresh.  There is always a good dj spinning in the background.  Yes, i waited an hour for a table, but who cares?  I was sipping cava on the porch with my friends, nobody was complaining.  I am pretty sure by now, I have tried everything on the menu at least once.  Some favs:  Sashimi tuna tacos, shrimp ceviche, sticky veal short ribs, the Soul roll, and if you have room for sweets: red velvet cup cake   I think the sushi keeps getting better, I do want to try the cheese plate though, looked really good at the table next to me,( I usually get the ham plate).  The prices are more than reasonable; I always leave good and full and without buyers remorse...  We need more places like this in Charlotte

1 45 Great atmosphere and decent prices during Happy Hour... I just wish there were some additional options for snacking since all that drinking can make you hungry!

1 46 Trendy restaurant in downtown. It was nice to grab a bite to eat and a beer on the patio in the heart of Downtown PHX. A little pricey but they have a good happy hour.

1 47 I go to multiple shows here every summer, and it's the perfect venue for a Toronto night.  Unbelievable view of the Toronto skyline, great acoustics, intimate setting and bring your own blanket to lounge on the lawn.  Tickets are always reasonably priced as well, and good selection of beer!

0 48 I've gone to Barrio for years! The best thing you can do for yourself is spend a happy hour here. $2 tacos can't be beat anyplace else.   I recommend the Jame-o-rita. It's not a happy hour option but if you're already receiving $2 tacos you can splurge on the rita.   My last visit was for Cindo de Mayo. I was apprehensive that we'd get a seat fast, especially during happy hour. But they sat us in less than 15 minutes.   OOh, and dare I add - GREAT people watching. I saw (and heard) a couple fight, she walked out on him, and he didn't even run after her. He just sat there and continued to eat his taco. (Which means the tacos must REALLY be THAT good.)   Priceless. Go for the people watching. 

1 49 Always a wait, but always worth it! The staff isn't the most friendly, but they are very efficient so I understand. For the price and quality I really think this place is a great AYCE place just make sure you aren't in a hurry especially at dinner time


 ###### Service  negative ######
1 1 Just... not good.  We want it to be - we have been several times hoping, but the experience is always at best, lackluster.  The food is not great, very run-of the mill on a good day and the serve staff though very nice is always - and I have never had the same person twice - always totally lost and under-trained.  It blows my mind because they can't possibly know alcohol laws if they don't know anything about the menu - going to bite that company one day.  I am not sure but I think someone I know told me they do the shared tip thing and I thought maybe that may be why but I know another place that does that and the service is excellent.  I don't know what the problem is - I have worked in the industry before while in college and I would say front of the house training needs big overhaul.  At any rate, they have lots of TV's and it is closer to us but just plain not good.  I wish they would switch locations with Wild Wing Cafe - also chain-y but much better food and service. 

1 1 Table of 3 on Saturday March 25 around 8pm.. Well the service was terrible. . the host this night took us to a dirty table. . that waitress brung one glass of water when clearly all 3 were empty. Her hair was too damn long and should have been pinned up.. She reaching all over the table and my food.. I couldn't enjoy my meal i was pissed... First time at this location and will not be returning 

1 2 After an evening dining at Commercial Center we decided to drive around the parking lot to see what other odd places we could find. Cue Club is large inside and out. Like how can they use this much space? The bartender gave us the lowdown as soon as we walked in: the building is divided into smoking and non smoking and each have either quarter tables or pay by the hour tables. Apparently you can only do pay by the hour if you're a pro. We chose the non smoking side and there were 2-3 other tables being used at the time. The jukebox was surprisingly really good until someone chose to play their own tunes. We did end up smelling like cigarette smoke afterwards. Not sure if this is from hanging out in the smoking area initially or if it's so overpowering that it gets into the non smoking area. They also have shuffleboard and a few carnival style games like skee ball. Knowing that most any billiards hall in Vegas is going to be equally smoky I think I'd rather come here and know your chanc

1 3 Initial experience left a HORRID TASTE IN MY MOUTH and I never even tried the food!!!!!  Just had an -interesting- conversation with the girl who answers the phone, Amanda.  WOW. After being asking what I was calling for (catering an event, duh!) I told her what I needed, I was put on hold, phone was answered again by Amanda who acted like she hadn't just talked to me 6 seconds before and asked the same question again.   Her absolutely lack of professionalism quickly wore down my patience. I felt like I was dealing with a 15 year old!!  In the middle of asking me what our date was for our wedding, venue, etc., she blurts out "Oh, you know there is a 5k minimum for December. You know that, right?"  I was baffled by the way she said this, as well as there was no surrounding explanation or context... When I asked "Why?" She laughed at me and then said "Well, thats just our policy." Okay, that's fine. There are much, MUCH better ways of presenting this to a prospective client. Also, you pr

0 5 I really want to give Sullivan's 4 stars but in comparing this experience to a recent visit to Longhorn, I just can't bring myself to do it.  Went here with a group from work for an "appreciation dinner"  Normally, Appreciation dinners end up at Chili's or Ruby Tuesday so I was completely shocked we ended up here.  Everything was great service wise.  Foodwise, it was good but I'd expect that from a place like this.  I ordered one of their Mixup lunches which gives you a salad option, a protein and a side.  I ordered the mixed green salad, the porcini mushroom and pepper encrusted strip and an order of carmelized cauliflower as a side.  The strip was amazing.  It came sliced over a layer of steak sauce.  It was cooked perfectly.  The salad was ok....mixed greens with tomatoes, blue cheese and a dressing that I still do not recognize.  The cauliflower came in a mound.  Honestly, this had to be 1/2 to 2/3 of the head of cauliflower.  It was seasoned with capers and other herbs.  While the 

1 4 Overrated.  Maybe I just don't get it. I do enjoy divey bars, such as the places on ossington, leslieville and junction. I do not think this is the best patio- not even close. The bar is small and divey. Basic stuff here only behind the bar. it's small so be prepared to be bumped into once in a while if you\re sitting in the front room. oh are you ordering Whiskey ginger? sorry No jamiesons.   bartender told me "They don't take credit card or debit. And the ATM machine may or may not work at times." Thanks bartender. You are so cool and helpful. ps: Washrooms are gross.

0 3 Great service and atmosphere. The food and drinks are way overpriced though. If you like your Mexican food mild to bland, this is the place for you. 

1 6 A-OK might be overstating this place for a "sports bar'.  While they had plenty of TVs, I saw at least 15, they had Rage Against the Machine playing and no sound for the games.  I heard a bartender say that unless it was a "big game" they could not turn up the TV volume when asked by another patron.  There were plenty of pool tables, maybe 20 and at least 7 darts games.   Loosely this place fits the sports bar definition, the lighting was good and staff seemed hurried but friendly.  It was not crowded with tables and such which left plenty of space to move about and mill should you like.  The restrooms were clean and did have the sports TV sounds on so you could stand in there and watch the small TV if you like.  For a sports bar I would rate this at 2 stars but the cleanliness and lighting made me rate it at a 3.

1 7 Waited an hour just to get someone to cook at my table and there was one other party, last couple times I have been here service was not good, I hope management can get it together sometime soon.

1 8 What a great little place!   They offer a 2-for-1 drink specials all day everyday with All-You-Can-Eat for Lunch and Dinner 7 Days a week, including an appetizer and dessert item!   There are literally over 100 rolls to choose from, categorized by style (Baked, Tempura, etc.) Be careful though, anything you don't eat (unless you don't like it) they'll charge you for individually. I suggest (as do they) ordering little-by-little and opting for half rolls, when you can. This is to prevent people from ordering extra rolls "to-go."  My friend and I sat down about 2pm on a Saturday and the place was occupied but not packed full. Our waitress was also very patient as we perused the menu over and over each time to decide what we wanted. Running staff was attentive at refilling our water glasses regularly but the one odd thing was our soy sauce bottle was replaced...three times. THREE! The first bottle was half empty, the second 3/4 full and the 3rd completed filled. It wasn't obtrusive to our

1 9 I have wanted to eat here since moving to Vegas, but it hasn't worked out. After "checking in" I found the timing was wrong given my new wardrobe addition of a foot and leg cast, very awkward foot boot, a walker and terrible parking with a long walk to sit down for dinner. After a couple of circles around the place we decided to give up this time around and try again when the cast is gone and there is less of a crowd. Guess this is the long way of "checking out."  Four stars because that many people with four and five stars can't all be wrong.

1 11 This review is based more on the service rather than the food or atmosphere , we had a large group of people meeting for a going away party , and basically were just left hanging around , we had to move tables for ourselves , and when server did come by it was rushed !! I realize it's a busy place but if they know it's going to be busy shouldn't they staff more ? For those that ordered food the wait to get it was over an hour , seriously about an hour and 15 minutes !! Our server was argumentative , when we asked what the hold up was , and basically said " do you want it or not ? Half the group cancelled their orders , the others starved , decided to wait even longer for food that was mediocre at best , The beer selection was nice and I'm sure we would have spent more ( there were some drinkers in the group that just went to bar for their cocktails ) but with no one coming by often to check for empty cocktails I only had about 2 drinks in about 2 and half hours ( usually could have dou

0 9 3.5   This is a beautiful restaurant in the heart of Yorkville. For a Tuesday night, it was pretty busy but certainly not full. The food was not bad, not the best I've ever had but definitely above average and the service was pretty good!  I had a glass of the Pinot Grigio which I enjoyed. I notice the list of white wines was a bit smaller. There were a lot more red wine choices and most of the choices were for entire bottles. The prices were a bit on the higher side but it's a beautiful restaurant in Yorkville so that's to be expected.  I had the spinach salad which was good but I found there were too many sweet elements. The salad dressing was a strawberry vinaigrette and there were figs and dried cranberries and some sort of crispy onions and bocconcini cheese. I would have enjoyed a goats cheese or something to cut the sweetness of it. The elements were fresh tasting however. We also ordered the burrata appetizer that came with a sizable ball of burrata cheese and prosciutto on a b

1 44 Cute small little restaurant. I would like to see this place expand. We ordered the prime rib and Kauai shrimp with Kimche fried rice. All I had to say was WOW! on point. We also ordered some blue point oysters which were on the smaller side but for $1 I guess u can't go wrong. I could eat that all day.   The only con was it felt like there was no A/c. It is very hot and uncomfortable but we survived. And service was slow at first but it did pick up afterwards.   I'll definitely be back to try other things on the menu! 

1 11 I didn't HATE the place! Hate is a strong word but I wouldn't come back again for its food! My friend says that people come at night and drink. I came here during the middle of the afternoon and I didn't enjoy my experience here.   Food: They had a lot of asian fusion. I for one, despise Asian fusion cuisine! It's just weird... if i want Asian food, I would get asian food. Unless I have no other alternative...   I ordered a burger there and it tasted OK. Not something i would pay that much for again. The prices weren't high but taking the taste into consideration, i wouldn't pay over $10 for an OK burger and fries. The french fries weren't that great... I had to force myself to eat it; just so i didn't waste food.   Service: VERY SLOW. The place was almost empty during the middle of the day but the services wasn't very good. The waiter was slightly stuck-up! He wasn't very friendly but he wasn't rude. He seemed unhappy to be there and serving us.   The atmosphere: The place looked old  

0 12 It was ok. I mean, it wasn't Bazic or anything. lol (I'm such a Bazic Elitest).  Soju was cheap, which is always good.  But, I wonder how much soju was, actually, in there because my friends and I bought must've been 7 bottles of soju in an hour half span and I was still standing. 3 bottles at Bazic get me blurry.  Soju was presented in a Patron bottle which was a nice/cool touch; BUT, the bottle was soooooo sticky. Obviously because it spilled out when being poured in.  Whatevs. Meet me at Bazic up the road. 

1 14 Food is terrible, ambiance New Orleans decor, but not quite the right feel, service terrible, didnt have silverware for our appetizers, food took 25 min,  Strip prices, not really worth all the inconviniences. 

0 15 Drinks are blah...view is pretty amaze ....but the bar closes at 11..... BOOOOOOO!   I hate that!   Check out the bathrooms too.  So cool to do your thing looking over the city!!!! 

1 13 To be fair, I only went here once a few months ago. It was a Wednesday and not a busy night.  It's near where I live so I was hoping it would be good.  I will have to try it again, but it's difficult to try a place again and possibly have another bad experience when we have so many good places so I will likely wait until soemone I know recommends it. Service was poor.  Took over ten minutes to be greeted while staff chatted at bar and kept going to karaoke area.  Was not asked about refill when water and beer were out.  Food (noodle bowl with veggies) was greasy (not in a good way), salty (not in a good way) and bland otherwise. Area behind the bar was less than clean.  I walk by often and do not see many customers, even college kids, so I suspect they still need to get their act together.  Hope they do.  Great location.

0 18 We walked into Melt. "Did you want to put your name on the list?" the hostess says with exasperation. Whoa..."Uh, yeah, how long is the wait?" pause...HUGE eyeroll..."Like, an hour. Hour and a half. Hard to say." Having just driven over two hours from Pittsburgh and being met with this wonderful attitude, we immediately peaced out of Melt. I looked down the street and pointed. "DEAGAN'S!" And sorry, I have a hard time believing that even Melt's super-hyped grilled cheese sandwiches could have lived up to our perfect lunch at Deagan's. Sometimes things really do happen for a reason, right?  I really wanted the barbecue pork, but I also really wanted the pork belly brussels sprouts, and I knew I couldn't possibly devour both at lunchtime. Our waitress insisted that I absolutely NEEDED to try both, and took it upon herself to ask the kitchen to make me the barbecue pork appetizer from the dinner menu instead of the entree from the lunch menu. I've never actually liked brussels sprouts tha 

0 20 I'm a big fan of FOX Restaurants, but just had an ok experience.  The decor and service were great especially for an after work rush.  Although, it is truly a verbatim Happy Hour that ends at 6pm.  Not the biggest fan of a short happy hour, but I understand that Downtown doesn't draw the same volume of people after work as Tempe or Scottsdale.  We decided to sit at the hightop bar so we could get a great view of the place.  It's a very open concept with a nice view into the hustling kitchen and outward view of the US Airways Center.  Great urban vibe.  The food is where it fell a little short. The Salmon sounded great with farro, fennel, and roasted apples, but didn't live up to it's $22 price tag.  Portion size was decent, but nothing outstanding about the flavor.  Maybe my time in NYC has spoiled my taste buds.  Our bartender was also a bourbon drinker and recommended the Candlestick Maker.  She made a great drink.  I tried the Turkey Sloppy Joe feeling that the poblano peppers would 

1 21 I was not a fan of this location or the staff.  The food was sub par, the service was lacking, and overall it was not a good experience.  For the amount of $$ per dish I expect it to be prepared better 

1 14 I use to love this place however I had a bad experience there on Saturday night. A few friends and I came after hitting some bars at midnight to grab a bite to eat and have some beers. The waitress (a stubby Caucasian lady) came over and we asked about their beers - she promptly turned a drink menu to us. Then we asked about the shooters they had and she rudely said "uh like all of them". Okay. I think part of your job should be to know at least a few of those shooters and beers to recommend to customers. It was apparent she didn't want to be there.   Later on, the bill came to $46 so my friends put down two twentys and a ten. The waitress came over and said "you need change?" and we did not. I did not want my friends to pay for me but I only had a $50 bill with me. She saw that I wanted to pay for my own meal so she came over to me and quickly said "Your meal was $10, if I give you two twentys (from the pile) and take your fifty, then you have paid for your meal". Me, being a bit buzz

1 15 PSA: there is a groupon for this place that is valid until May 2015!  Burger was good. Mac and cheese was a little salty and not very warm but it wasn't terrible. Cookies and cream dessert was super yummy.   Service was very attentive and we went on a Saturday night.   Kinda dim and loud in there...it is a bar after all, and there is some interesting religious art work on the walls.

0 26 Very nice ambience, chic. Service is ok. Food really mediocre. I ordered chicken Caesar salad (entrée size). It was smaller than I expected for the price. It didn't taste horrible, but there was nothing memorable. All in all a little disappointing. 

1 16 Ugg the service and food was just awful.Last time i ate here it was good,but last night was ridiculous.The server was rude and apathetic.She moved at the pace of a turtle,never smiled or showed any interest in how our food tasted.She let us sit with empty drinks for 10 minutes. i have never seen such a poorly run restaraunt in all my life.IT was not busy,and food took forever,along with everything else.When my chicken finally arrived,it was stringy and undercooked.I dont know how they managed to not cook my chicken properly,since i waited a half an hour for it.when we left the clueless manager was sitting on her butt at the bar,smiling and waving goodbye,like she thought everything was a o.k.I will never eat here again.the only good thing was the bread, which they are very stingy with the portion size.

1 17 We went around 2:30 on a Sunday afternoon.  We waited over 5 minutes to be seated, and the restaurant was not busy. Honestly, the food and drinks were decent but the service was so bad that I can't give it more than 2 stars. I guess they were understaffed but I don't think that's an excuse.

1 28 The atmosphere of local is very fun, which is why it gets more than one star.  This is especially true in the summer when the windows are open.  It makes for a great day drinking spot.  The drinks are also pretty good.  Now to the bad.  The food is average.  I have never heard anyone I went there with be impressed with their meal.  I got a burger on my last trip there.  Ordered it medium rare and it came out dry and well done.  My wife's breakfast sandwich was soggy and lacked flavor.  It's the little things like this that are annoying about a place that has potential to be great, but just misses the spot.  The service is always slow and mistakes are made often.

0 12 For the short amount of time that me and friends spent in here, the bar was decent.  Stopped in to use two $50 drinking credits. The crowd was small but had a few live people. The pianist was entertaining asking for song request from the live ones. Drinks were ordered, chugged and it was on to the next bar. The drinks themselves were ok.  Besides the pianist, our bartender Harry was cool. He was straight to the point while offering some laughs. He also refilled a friends drink after it was knocked over which was cool.   I'm hoping to stop in with a bigger crowd next visit. With all the sound that comes from this bar, one would think it would draw in a crowd especially on a Saturday. Nevertheless, free drinks in Vegas is always a good thing and it was a good thing here.  Drinks 8/20/2016

0 18 Every seat is a great seat. So close to the revolving stage no matter where you are at. However didn't like the $10 parking fee. Sears are kind of confusing to find as they are not clearly marked. 

0 36 I have been wanting to try The Arrogant Butcher for a while.  I heard good things but the reviews are mixed.  The service was excellent but the food was about average.  I would go back, because it is close to Chase Field, but with lower food expectations.

1 19 Well I thought I would give this place another chance  It is obvious that if you come in alone you will be treated like crap .. I had just worked a very long shift at the hospital up the street and in wanted to finely get a bite to eat and use my gift card I had .. Well I was taken to my table and saw my waiter 2 times .. they had not gotten busy till I left .. I dont know maybe I should of told my waiter that even though I am alone I do tip well maybe that would of had him to give me a little bit more time ... It is really sad because I would of never treated him like that if he came into my place of employment.. and I did tip well on a 20.00 bill  Sad to say I think I am totally done now and I should just give a whole new restaurant a chance to win me over  Very sad and disappointed

1 20 Yet another restaurant that makes you valet your car.  We parked in the large, mostly empty parking lot ajacent to the restaurant.  As we approached the front door, the valet guy tells us we will be towed if we leave our car there.  Ok, back to the car, to find a restaurant with parking.  As we were leaving, I did see some street parking but by then I was not in the mood for The Clever Koi.  Sorry, lost a customer, won't be back.

1 21 We just went there for lunch, normally they are great. Today it wasn't too busy but we sat and waited for our server.... and waited.... and waited... just gave up and left. Ridiculous. If you don't want business fine we'll gladly start going elsewhere.

1 22 I do enjoy wreaking a little havoc on the strip from time to time. The people watching is good, the scenes are cool and window shopping is excellent. Plus I find myself frequenting the strip to get to casinos, clubs and restaurants, I can't stay away for too long.  It's a great place to just sit and watch a lot of entertaining shit go down and blend in with the crazies if you're up for it, but after dealing with a lot of idiotic drivers and drunk tourists on the strip I dread driving on it. The taxis run you off the street and typically drive like jerks. The pedestrians rule the strip, but that doesn't mean you have the green light to prance around like a tourist fool. Oh you're crossing the street when you shouldn't be and you got hit by a moving vehicle? Sorry, not sorry.  If people watching bores you, the street performers are always out full force on the weekends, just make sure to tip them if you take a photo of them/ with them - if not, get ready to be professionally mean-mugged 

1 23 The food was ok. The place is meh. Pricy and not maintained well - uneven tables, holes in walls etc. The VIP room has no room to move around - definitely no VIP experience.    Electrical outlet  chipped / dangerous looking.    Hot, fan tower barely helped.  The service was horrible - we waited forever, mixed up orders, drinks took forever (I.e. Pitcher of beer on tap took 28 minutes).  Shared our experiences with staff - didn't even get a sorry, more like "oh ok, so you aren't having a good experience".   Too bad because if well executed the concept has potential.

1 24 Came here with a bunch of people to watch the Panthers slaughter the Cardinals (which we did).  I mean the place is okay but geez you need to upgrade your outdoor seating space; there's plastic instead of windows, there was only one heater in 30-degree weather, and the speakers out there were dated and didn't give the feeling of being at a football.  But it's a bar.  Just drink some more and it'll start looking better.

1 25 Definitely a dive bar- no questions asked. It is usually surrounded by people smoking outside the door so I am never sure if they are actually busy or if it is just a smoker's hangout.  They often have live bands or something like it. The music is generally terrible but it a pleasant surprise when the band is tolerable.   While I've not known it to get rowdy, it usually geys pretty loud- mainly the music.

1 26 If I had wanted Denny's service and Denny's food I would have gone to Denny's.   What happened to Olive Garden??? You used to be regarded with a higher standard now, you are barely one step above fast food!!!  Went in around lunch time and the service was so slow.  I ordered and iced tea with lemon and was brought a raspberry tea which I detest.  I told the server right away and I didn't get a replacement until after I had already finished the soup and bread sticks.  Mind you she brought the drink before any of the food, and I told her before she brought any of the food.  I didn't get a refill until after a box was brought for my order. Pathetic! I love your iced tea and you deprived me of having it.   The food came and I asked for a extra Alfredo Sauce on my Chicken Alfredo. I didn't get it, so I asked for it on the side.  10 minutes later she brought it and it was the smallest cup of nothing I have ever seen in my life, not even a full cup of nothing!  My order came with the buy one 

1 50 One of the worst HOB I have been to.  My wife and I went here on a weekday and it wasn't too crowded. Decent looking place. My waitress was nice, but she reminded me of the gal that was on Seinfeld, a low talker.  I could barely hear anything she was saying.  I hoped I didn't misunderstand anything she said and ended up with a meal I didn't order. I ordered a shrimp po' boy.  The shrimp was just okay, no spiceyness to it, but the bread it travelled in was bad.  It literally fell apart when I tried to pick it up. For the price, not even remotely worth it. My wife ordered a salad.  It was lettuce with a small chunk of blue cheese on the top and dressing on the side.  For nine bucks. And though this is no fault of HOB, my wife didn't like the lettuce offered and she asked for another kind.  They did not offer anything else. Very disappointing meal.  Lots of waitresses and waiters standing around.  It seems like this place is going on it's rock and roll reputation. We will not be back, at  

1 27 I would have given higher rating if based on food and drinks only, however I had a bad experience being overcharged on my credit card. I called and my message was never returned. Its annoying to have to resolve their mistake when you have a busy schedule.  So to me, questionable service and management put a big damper on my experience.  Tip-try the duck taco  Tip- try the beer-garita Tip- cool beer tap right in the tables!

1 28 Checking out the Container Park and then decided to have a brunch at this place. First, it was a small restaurant but nice decor and setup. There was no host at all so the waiter said we could sit wherever we want. Okay, got it. Next, he poured us some water and then took the extra napkin and utensils from our table. For the next 10 minutes...tik tok tik tok... no one ever came to our table and asked for our order? I kept looking around and found so many employees on a small establishment but yet no one can ever keep up the guests? I could even serve guest by myself only with that small establishment. Soon, an employee passed by and I grabbed him and told him our order and he said.. Sorry, I am not your waiter but what do you want? Well, nobody paid attention to us??? So if he is not the waiter but can he just HALLER???? to anyone? So he took our order and then tik tok tik tok for another 15 mins. our order still not coming and yet the people right after us got already their order befo

1 29 Used to be five stars!! We have been here many times over the years. Our family dines here about once a month. We know all of the long time staff and they have always been impeccable. The food is delicious and consistent.  Each family member has their favorite dish.  I am confused though because although the staff is still perfect the restaurant  has been downgraded. The last 2 times we have been there our mineral water was served in plastic cups. We ordered wine and got one glass. When we asked for another glass the wait staff was very apologetic and almost seemed embarrassed. They brought a glass that wasn't a red wine glass. We ended  up with 3 different glasses for 3 people. Buy some wine glasses.  This is a  restaurant ??   I felt like I brought a bottle of wine to my teetotaler Grandma's house drinking it out of juice glasses. Then the kids went to a Kool Aid stand and brought me a glass of mineral water in a Dixie cup.

1 30 I had a rough experience immediately after eating here.. not because the food or service was bad, but because the servers are super generous with the Bottomless Mimosas/Bellineis/BloodyMarys. haha  FOOD: We came here for brunch and started right off with the Mimosas, Bellinis, and Bloody Mary's. The bartender and our server were very quick at refilling for us.. bottomless indeed! The Perch Burger was okay.. flavor was good, very simple, juicy patty, but could have used a fried egg in it. The Steak & Egg Tacos were delicious.. the avocado mouse gave it an interesting flavor.   AMBIANCE: A fun, lively vibe during brunch. It's located in a cool spot at Container Park that matches the overall atmosphere of the area.  SERVICE: Awesome staff! Everyone was welcoming and friendly. We didn't have a reservation and came in during a busy time.. the manager tried really hard to get us in as quickly as possible. Awesome!  TIPS: Definitely include the bottomless drinks but be careful, you might end 

1 31 This would have been a 5 star review but since there was a fraudulent charge on my credit card this place receives a 1 star rating.  The $27 fraudulent tip added to my bill by the bartender is not only unacceptable but illegal.  If you decide to visit bring cash and save the headache of calling your bank to reverse the charge.  I have since emailed the GM to advise him of what is occurring in his establishment.

0 22 Should have done this a long time ago, but never got back on YELP. They fixed the issues of the games being shown and my friends and I went back there for all 17 Sundays of the NFL season as well as MANY Monday's. They do a great job! Thank you! 

1 32 The waitress and hostess were very nice, even when they got our order wrong twice. They apologized and sent us the correct order, but by that time the rest of the people in our party were finished eating and we had to wait. Nothing was docked off of our bill either.  My husband ordered the Montreal Stack and they brought him our a stacked burger instead. I asked for the Milestones Trio lunch with garden salad- I specifically said "no Caesar salad" when I ordered. So then my lunch came out with a Caesar salad on the side for some reason.   The poblano soup that came with the trio appeared to be curdled.  I think they put lime into a cream based soup and it looked grainy and not very appetizing.   It's a little in the pricey side. ($25-$28 plate for lunch) For the price you pay here, they should at least make sure they get the order right the first time.  The servers were all very nice and apologetic, at least they seemed sincere about the mix-up.

1 33 This was such a chill little gem overlooking the casino in NY NY. We stopped by here when we found out the bar next door was charging a cover to formulate a new plan for the night.  The bartender was very friendly even though as we sat down my friend knocked my water all over the counter. Kudos to him for still serving us with a smile. We had had a few at that point. We had a couple rounds of their 2 for $5 jello shots and reasonably priced red bull vodkas. I wish I had gotten our bartender's name because he closed us all out on individual tabs quickly and efficiently. I would have spent much longer here since I loved the comfortable chairs and people watching but sadly the group wanted to keep moving after our drinks.   Until next time Pour 24!

0 24 Decent izakaya in North York. Came with friends after they changed name on weekday night. Was very spacious and not packed like on the weekends. The food was pretty standard. I was not blown away.   Had my usual takoyaki, delicious. Some sort of salmon tataki, it was okay. Grilled pork belly was good and fatty. Chicken karage was still pretty good, love the mayo. Yaki udon, the usual.  Tried the baked oyster for the first time and it was pretty good! The sauce was creamy and there was lots of goodies in there, not just some random veggies. And I love the Kinoko bibimbap, there's just something about hot melted cheese!    In terms of desserts I think that almond tofu and sesame soy milk pudding was just not worth the price. For the same price elsewhere you can get a whole bucket full and it's really nothing special. But I did love the green tea cheesecake, the execution was great, it was creamy and well combined, not powdery, not too sweet, worth the money.   The service was okay, seats 

1 35 I give them 5 starts for follow up! I've been here a few times, lunch,  dinner, drinks. .. Can't say the experience is consistent. Sometimes is great, others just OK,  and sporadically amazing. But,  I have to say the manager is fantastic. After waiting to be seated for our reservation for a while my family and I ended up leaving.  It was raining and we were cutting it short on time for the Paul McCartney concert. No big deal, it happens. But I was surprised to get a call the next day from the manager!! Talk about going the extra mile. .. She apologized,  I said no worries,  I thought that was it. But she said to come for drinks on her, that they would have my name saved for whenever I came back.

1 36 Buchon restaurant is on the  tenth floor in Venetian. Business breakfast place, with  suit people. Croissant was good. Coffee was ok. Bacon was good. Service was a bit slow side. Many empty tables I could see, though they let us wait. Weird. Very.  Beautiful place, a bit too beautiful to eat casually or comfortably.

1 38 Ok, so I will start with the service was good. I did have to ask for more water but, I can deal with that. A co-worker and I went for lunch as its next to the new Denny's on Fremont Street and wanted to try somewhere new. We ordered the calamari and caprese salad for the appettizers. The calamari was good but, the sauce could have used some "umf" to it. The caprese was really good. I would have liked a little balsamic for it but, I just added some salt. I ordered the spaghetti ai pomodorini. My only request was no tomatoes (not fond of cooked ones) and to use angel hair instead. What I got was angel hair in butter. No flavor what so ever. There was hardly any basil or garlic.  So basically, we had an expensive work lunch ($50 for both of us) and it had no taste. Now I'm not a cheapskate but, I want what I pay for.   I won't say I wouldn't try it again but, maybe next time I'll do a dinner and see if its any better.

1 39 I haven't been clubbing in years (yes, years) and not gonna lie, I actually had fun. We got here at 9:45pm, an ungodly hour for clubbing etiquette, but perfect for us. There was a $5 cover, which I thought was lame but I get it. Sometimes you need a cover to "cover" expenses. All the seating areas were reserved but the security guy was nice and let us throw our stuff on one. Typical nightclub and groups of people all had different styles. The huz and I took over the dance floor at 10pm because the DJ was killing it with reggae that took us back to the late 90s. That was my favorite part. An hour later, the club was packed, the music sucked, people were spilling drinks and it reminded me why I hate clubs. My beer soaked jeans and disdain for house music got the best of me and I decided it was time to go a little before midnight.   I like that they try to be pretentious. The decor was pin-up shiek with tuft, velvet couches and ornate, dark frames. There were dancers elevated behind the D

1 40 The food is the same as downtown, but the service is so bad! How do they have a 2 h limit if they can't even bring all the food in 2 hours? I'm very disappointed with the service.

1 41 This place is a sports bar so there's not really much to report on here.  The wings are excellent and so are the tacos. The quality of service here changes like the seasons. Some days it's hot and some days it's cold.

1 42 This place is a standout in the middle of Chinatown; it really belongs Downtown. Hip, casual ambiance. Friendly service. We ordered the oysters, steak tartare, Japanese sweet potato, pigs ear, charcuterie board, scallops, short rib, and duck. Everything was above & beyond delicious, but we could've done without the pigs ear. It was described as if it was layered and each piece was crispy like chicharron. Instead, it was served as one ball of breaded pig's ear. So the breading fell away and we were left with just cartilage.  Main reason that this was not a 5-star Experience was the pace of service, which was oddly slow. We received one dish at a time with uncomfortably long wait times in between.

1 43 Lunch review. Will not be coming back for lunch. Calamari salad was good but needed xtra avacodo. Shrimp and Grits was bad. They used small and ugly shrimp and the sausage suck. Chicken sandwich was dry. Tuna gyro was over cooked with no taste and thier crab and pasta salad tasted like garbage. The service was awesome.

1 28 Are you kidding me!?   I can't think of anything critical to say about this place. Oh wait, of course I can! Every time I asked my server to refill my empty glass (the one that he was taking off our table) well, he looked at me like I was putting him out. I mean WTF? Since when does a bar staff member take a glass from a bar table and NOT ask if you wanted another one? NOT cool dude!  But other than that ... this place is Damn near perfect. It's hip and cool and does so without appearing to try too hard. It's comfortable, it's dark, the music level was just about right. A full bar. A view of the city. Comfy seats and couches. I couldn't ask for anything more (well, other than a stage booked by Charlie of StateSide Presents).  Big UPs to The Side Bar!!! 

0 44 OK people Blush is not a club at all but a lounge. So if you are looking for the mega Vegas club experience, I would go to Tryst instead. But I had a good time at Blush. It was a cute lil spot in the Wynn where it's not super crowded like the bigger places and it's a nice spot to stop by at before headin' to Tryst. And just like Tryst, it has that indoor/outdoor motif so you can either dance inside the club or go outside to the patio and smoke a cig.  Hey my BF and I didn't have to pay cover here or at Tryst and got walked up to the front of the line so regardless, we had fun. Yeah we had to go outside to sit down for awhile but while we cooled down we also got to gamble!  Music was okay - they would have spurts of bad music mixed with the good but oh well. I was too drunk to care and when I didn't like it, I just went out to gamble and came back in when the music picked up. 

0 20 Somewhat disappointing...WAIT VERY disappointing. I had high hopes for this place. Good location, lots of marketing here and there..but once you walk in...you think "Is it just this??" I roam around the room looking for a secret room that will expand to make the place bigger but alas there is no secret room.  It's quite small. Hardly anywhere to sit!  The only good thing is the music. I really liked the music but with such a tiny dance floor..it's just very disappointing. 

1 45 EDIT: Okay after going back a second time, my experience was a lot better as there were different people working there. Service was 10x better than the first time, and the food was top notch.     Food - Great Service - Bad  Arrived on a Monday night to a semi-filled restaurant. The waitress who brought us in gave us a table with a chair missing, even though there was a better table right behind. Gave us attitude when we asked to change tables. Anyways, decided to see past it and made our orders.   After we ordered and finished 80% of our food did we notice that every other table had bread and we didn't. Asked the waitresses about it and only then did they ask if we wanted any, and made it sound like we had to pay for it. I don't know why they didn't bring us any when we ordered like every other restaurant, but the inattentiveness and the attitude they had when we asked for things just made our experience unpleasant.   To their credit, all the dishes we ordered were very good, especiall

0 46 ahaha hahaha ahhahahah ahahaha.....  uhhh.... no.  No.  simply...   yeah.  no. 

0 32 Oh I love the Beav....or as my friends and I like to call it ...the Angry Beaver...  You never know what you will encounter here.  Dont come as a snob, you will not be welcome!!!!  Ladies please feel free to dance on the bar but take it easy....if you watch while someone is up there you will see that the poor bar looks like it is gonna cave in.  The owners of this place are DOLLS and they will recognize you even if you just pop in occasionally.  Fantastic neighborhood place!! 

0 48 I went here twice because it was in the hotel I was staying in (Westin). I was pretty excited that I had a great bar in the hotel so as to avoid having to drive or walk far.   It's a nice looking restaurant/bar. I sat at the bar so I don't know what the rest of the place looks like. The service here was really good. I didn't have a single problem.   First night I ordered the bacon and cheddar burger with a pretzel bun. I was skeptical of the bun thinking it was some sort of gimmick, but it was really good! The burger, I ordered it medium rare, came out rare, but I'd rather go that way than the other. The only big problem with this burger is that the onion rings I ordered to go on top of it were red onions. Red onions are not sweet, they are very bland and in turn really bring the taste of the burger way down. I like the sweetness of white/yellow onions. These were not that. I couldn't even eat them, they were gross.   The second night I was there I ordered the same thing because it rea

1 49 Excellent show. Performers are great. To bad the help needs some people stills. The girl that takes your picture is very rude if you don't want your picture taken.  The frozen drinks for $10.00 do not have any liquor in them.

1 50 how we ended up here when we were supposed to be gambling on friday night, i will never know. but 2 bottles later and we were wasted. i had a blast, but i'm not sure if it was the alcohol and company or if it was the actual club. Pink did an impromptu performance, along with Butch Walker (producer) and that rocked. And who remembers that "butterfly" song? It's old and was super catchy. Well, that guy was there and sang that. Carey Hart was there and I think I attempted a conversation, but i'm sure it sounded like a bunch of babble from a drunk chick! haha It was fun, I don't know if i'd come back and do the whole bottle service thing, but maybe. it was convenient to go to as it was in the hotel. :)

0 41 I have always enjoyed myself here - but never as much as watching Louis CK record his HBO special last week. The only downside was the bars shutdown after he started (I'm assuming this was an attempt to keep people in their seats). The circular stage is unique and works well for comedy. 

0 27 No expense spared meal. Service from Lilly the sever and our sommelier was very good but the food was downright terrible for this price point ($250 pp). I've eaten at the top places in Vegas in comparison (eg, roubouchon, Savoy, etc). Avoid unless it's free. 

0 29 The Phoenix Symphony is full of good musicians.  I doubt they are given the time they need to really prepare the music with over 200 gigs a year.  As a musician myself I can hear it in their performances.  You can kind of tell the pieces they spend time on and the ones that are "one and done" in rehearsal.  I understand why, the costs are so huge to get everyone together, but it is still sad.  HUGE problem with the Phoenix audiences.  I have never heard so many people talking during a performance in my life as I did the one time I was in the balcony.  Wanted to scream...  And no it wasn't kids, it was adults that should have known better. 

0 36 My wife and I came here for our 26th anniversary dinner, while stating at the hotel, and the experience the staff of Blue Hound provided ranked this dinner among the top three of my life! Through out the staff at Blue Hound was attentive and professional, but also gave us our space. We were seated against a window with views of Phoenix skyline and the old court building, On our table was a card congratulating us on our anniversary signed by several people on the staff (one wishing us Happy Birthday - my wife's favorite).  We started with cocktails and at the waiter's suggestion I had a Lawless (Bourbon, homemade bitters and liqueur and served in a glass that was presented upside down over smoldering tobacco smoke). It was sweeter than I expected but very balanced. My wife enjoyed the Romeo & Violette, choosing only based on the name of the drink. Her drink was not as sweet as I expected but similarly balanced.  For dinner we both had the Chef and Bar Geek out for $48.00 each. 

0 37 Sooooo excited about this new Jazz venue.  Saw Michelle Johnson there tonight.  She did a tribute to Duke Ellington, what a talent.  Clint Holmes was in the audience and he got up and sang a duet with her on the fly.  It was fantastic!  Can't wait until next Tuesday, that's jazz night.  They have other things going on there so check out the website.  One minor complaint. $8 for wine? $3 for water?  come on, this isn't on the strip and it's served in a plastic cup. If the wine were $5/cup I would have had 2, just something to think about. 

0 40 Any place I visit for the first time with fellow yelpers always seems better than without them. Case in point: Old Angle, Primo Vino, Prosperity. I probably wouldn't have gone gaga for those places like I did without my peeps. So having a mini Yelp thing made XYZ very fun. Great view of the spanking new streetscape( unlike the Overrated Dog down the street). Solid tap list, cheaper than Tremont.   Phenomenal pizza! You don't even understand. For 14 bucks we expected a pie the size of a coaster. It was huge, Angelo's- esque in quality and was fun to share among friends. Other reviews say to avoid the za. I don't know, you must have gone on a bad night. Service was good on a slow Wednesday night. Not sure how they fare on the weekend.   Weakest point was the juke. Horrific. For a place so fresh and modern, the jukebox seemed like it had been bought from an old man bar. Or even worse, a college town. It was slim pickings if you didn't feel like hearing the Eagles or Willie Nelson. Parking 


 ###### Service  positive ######
1 2 Great fresh seafood spot located in the Scottsdale Quarter. Enjoying a nice dinner out and felt like seafood so we decided on this restaurant. We were greeted and taken to our seat right away. The restaurant sets a more professional, upscale type atmosphere.  We were greeted by our server and he took our drink order. We started with the seafood platter which had shrimp, oysters, lobster tails and a crab mix. Love seafood? Get this for sure! The oysters were quite large and not amongst the freshest I've ever had but they were still good.   For dinner we enjoyed the chicken and the scallops with a side if crab fried rice. Crab fries rice was full of flavor and really good! Scallops had a citrus flavor added which made it even more tasty.   Service was above par as well. Our server was attentive and friendly.   I'd go back if I wanted a nice night out and craved some seafood 

1 3 Paid a visit here after the JT concert on Friday night - best decision all weekend. Every restaurant was packed before the show, so we set on wandering MGM afterwards for a good after show nosh and were definitely pleased at Crush. Luckily we were seated right away (not many people ordering dinner at 11pm I suppose!) and our incredibly nice server saw to our drink order ASAP.  The ambience is tres chic. Dark, romantic, and removed from casino craziness in the back where we sat cuddled up in a booth. The only negative about our seats was the pretty chilly draft, but perhaps we were just too sober ;) The Syrah was absolutely delicious, and at $11 for a glass, a Vegas bargain. We began with the Caesar salad which came out within minutes of ordering and was very tasty, though I myself found the sweetness to be a little strange. Overall it was a crunchy, refreshing delight. We then shared a margherita flatbread and the gnocchi. Whoa....both dishes definitely exceeded expectations. They were 

1 1 Went here for lunch with my mom & her friends today. Over all the staff was great! Two thumbs up. How ever the food was okay, they gave us the wrong flat bread & when told they let us have the wrong one to munch on (we were starving!) and made the correct one - I think, it said pork belly was on it but it looked more like brisket. They also gave us some Carmel popcorn (the best part of the meal! Then at the end we ordered 2 cappuccinos but they were clearly espresso with no milk, and had to request half and half to go with it. So in short- okay food, excellent service, with some hiccups that were addressed extremely graciously.

1 2 Fantastic service, atmosphere and food.  We ate until we couldn't anymore.  My first visit here was spring break in college and my roommate who had not eaten steak in years (he went veg for a while) decided he would break down and try it since we were in such a highly regarded steakhouse.  He loved it and raves about it to this day.  Good times.

1 7 Second brunch visit. Loved the Hash and the Eggs Benedict. Great atmosphere. Nice service. I will be back again. 

1 10 So i came here for dinner. The service was outstanding and top notch. The food portions are very small but it is a high end type of restaurant.   We started with a arugula salad: very fresh and delicious. Next i had some kind of bread with pork belly avocado and a few other things on top. It was awesome i never had something like that before. We drank moscow miles with everything! Easily one of the best mules i've ever had but it wasn't too strong.   Next we had salmon which was hot and crispy omg he outside. The dip it came with was good too. Last we have a small piece of steak: very well cooked and crispy on the outside. i love when the food comes burning hot it's really so important!   Last i had the banana bread pudding and signature pot dessert. Both were UHHHAMAAZZZINNG! Check out my awesome pics! 

1 3 Excellent service from the cute blonde bartender Lindsay, cheap beer, good music and pool tables.  Oh, and the cleanest bathrooms I've ever seen at a dive.  Definitely be coming back

1 4 I came here for a party a few weeks ago so I can't rate this place as a restaurant.   It's a very upscale joint. Bartenders did a good job of quick service. Typically expensif drinks bottle service once specials were over; just about what one would expect.  The decor is modern. Large screens placed through the upstairs lounge. The DJ played some really great hip hop sets; really loved the music. I especially liked the upstairs outdoor patio area. Very cool place to hold a party!

1 16 Love love love Kelly's!   I just discovered this spot while I was doing The Taste of Scottsdale tour.  We stopped there for dessert.  The restaurant gives you the feel of an elegant Irish pub.  They have a pool table, dart board, putting green and HUGE patio!  In the past, I always thought of Kelly's as a bar or late night hang out (which is not really my thing) but I was very wrong!  Their menu looked amazing!  They have an "award winning" four cut burger--which I will try next time!  Dessert was delish!  We had the doughnut holes and Kelly's twinkie.  Both were excellent!   I was most impressed with the service!  We were greeted right away.  While we were eating our dessert both a manager and the chef stopped by to check on us.  I was most impressed that the chef and manager cared so much about our experience!  A+ service!  I'm glad I found this new gem in Old Town Scottsdale!    I can't wait to go back to Kelly's! 

1 20 Blood Brothers Brewing is worth the trek to at least a visit.   I have been drinking Shumei and Paradise Lost for awhile which are available on taps at Good Catch Boil House. And here I was, finally here and able to try out more of their beers!   You can either order a sampler or a half pint or a pint from their ever rotating draft list. And in case if you rather just want to pick up a bottle or 6 of them from the shop, you can also ask for a taste before committing.  If you are into sour beers, you would be delighted with their interesting IPA, Sour Ale which used different kind of fruits. And their Sour Ale White Lies series uses different grapes was also quite interesting too.   Come by for a drink or 2 and enjoy their casual setting with friendly service and of course some good beers!  PS. You can even order bottles delivered to your place via their online shop. 

1 5 Consistently good, as the Keg tends to be.  Highlights: great lunchtime filet and side vegetables; great service that checked in with just the right frequency; bowls and bowls of those great chocolate mints scattered throughout the restaurant so that you can pocket a few extra ;) directly across from the south entrance/exit of the Eglinton TTC stop.  Medium: parking available underground, but it was a bit expensive; side caesar wasn't served a lemon wedge.  Low: opens exactly at 11:30 am, or shortly after, so if you arrive a bit early be prepared to wait outside and not in the lounge. 

1 28 This place is cool. Walking thru a pawn shop into a speakeasy setting was a first. Inside was great and the small plates were too. Really good place for a group of friends to share dishes. Expect to spend $50pp since you'll be ordering multiple dishes. 

1 38 Fabulous service every time, love their menu and drinks...oh my god their drinks are fabulous! Super cute restaurant and bar! 

1 40 Great service, decent food. I went here with my family for dinner and the staff was extremely friendly and nice. The pizza was ok, we ordered two large pizzas, one was all cheese and the other was half veggie and half buffalo chicken. My husband said he enjoyed the buffalo chicken the most, I preferred the cheese. I didn't get to try the veggie but my mom said it was very good. The bruschetta was very tasty and I would recommend trying it. We also really enjoyed their pizookie, and if you like warm cookies and ice-cream I would highly recommend trying it! 

1 5 The owners are super committed to their standards of service and quality, the bar is AMAZING. They have an amazing selection of beers and cocktails straight from their mixology culture.   This is definitely one of the upcoming downtown bars along with their events and guest bands.

1 6 Good service, liked their seafood platter, and the ambiance was nice. I'd probably go back again if I were staying at the Venetian.

1 45 They have vallet service right in front of the door.  There is an oyster bar that's pretty small and a bar with music.  Nice menu with your standard seafood steakhouse type dishes.  The portions are nice sized and the crab fried rice as a side but it's a must try.  The fish is fresh, the steak nicely cooked and the desserts are great.  The bananas foster butter cake is my fave. 

1 7 We came for a last minute Brunch We were a group of 8 with kids and they didn't skip a beat in finding us a place to sit.  Service was fast, friendly, and accommodating.  Food was good, drinks were great. We left happy.

1 47 Great food and service! We ordered the shrimp appetizer and got the pretzels on a kitchen error as well. Both were incredible!  Dinner was the burger and beet salad for us. Pro tip: get the burger with bacon, avocado, and a friend egg. Extremely satisfying and filling.  Drinks and food came out quick and the service was great. Anthony checked in with us just the right amount and was quick to get us what we needed.  A great place to stop when downtown - close to the stadiums if going to a game or concert. 

0 49 Got the assorted pastry basket. Fantastic. The berry fruit salad, also good. This place is solid on baked goods.  Tip: they don't take reservations, but you CAN call and get an idea on the current wait before trekking out there. 

1 16 They have good service, beer selection, and the pizza we got was fantastic. Their spinach dip was more of typical bar food, just alright.

1 8 Great locally owned restaurant!  Very nice location at the Metropolitan.  Huge dining room, including private dining rooms in the back and a great patio overlooking uptown Charlotte.  The goat cheese appetizer was delicious and my steak was cooked to perfection.  The staff was super friendly and the owner as well as the manager came over to check on us during our meal...which was much appreciated.  I will be back!

1 9 This pub is a thoroughly good time. I haven't seen the first floor, but the second floor is large. There is also a patio in the back. The stairs are carpeted with the British flag. The place has a nice laid-back vibe to it.. I haven't been to another pub which had music that knocked my socks off. They played Notorious B.I.G, Eric Clapton, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Queen, Led Zepellin, Ellie Goulding, OutKast, Daft Punk, back to back. It was as though the playlist was custom handpicked for me. The wall mounted big screens were airing NBA highlights. Night was made. My bf and I had Butler's Pale Ale, and also ordered nachos. Both were really good. The service is pretty good. We stayed here till 3 in the morning, and didn't get kicked out even though their official hours are till 2 am. Great pub-  will return if in the neighbourhood.

1 10 First time eating here with a girlfriend and we're both hooked! Came for dinner and since there is no dinner buffet we tried a couple things off the menu. I will say everything was awesome, and their tandoori chicken was especially amazing. Super sweet and attentive service. Awesome experience, and I honestly might do a takeout order asap because I'm craving it already.

1 29 Great environment, service is good, have special meals every day. I ordered the Thursday special meal veau, too salty for me, but the amount is sufficient. Pizzas are great, others are just so so.

1 11 This place was more of a lounge then anything else, but really nice inside. It would be better to get bottle services, that way you don't have to stand around because most of the seats are reserved. The girls just got lucky to find seats, what a blessing. They also have free champagne from 11-12 on Fridays, same as for Saturday but you had to get on the guest list.  Great music and a cool hang out for such a small place, great mix crowd.

1 13 I have not been here for many years, but when I did come, I always had a good time.  I used to come after work with friends when I worked nearby.    The service is good.  They have certain drink specials on different days.  The atmosphere is fun.  It is a good place to stop quickly for one or two drinks.  Maybe a nice place to go for a drink before dinner somewhere in the music factory or before a comedy show!

1 14 Another amazing cafe in the Kensington Market. Very long, spacious cafe. Reminds me of Tokyo Smoke on Queen West. Their drinks are great, service is wonderful, and the wifi is very good. They'll have their patios open when it's warmer.

1 15 I came here after a so-so night at Body English. Ditched my drunk friends back at the hotel, and met up with another group of peeps who had a table out on the balcony.    Pretty much walked right in the door, and sat down. The music was Latin that night, which was pretty awesome (for me, cause I dig it)  the dancing was fun.  This I could see not being a cool club, if you were with just 1 or 2 people, but with a table, and the view, and the amenities we had, we had a great time.  I'd totally do it again.  Also, company plays a lot into it, and my company that night was 5 stars. 

1 16 We always have so much fun here!  Fun atmosphere, the dancers pouring the shots is always fun. Reliable, fun night out. 

1 17 I remember when this place used to be Mixx. I can never forget the butternut squash ravioli and seared foie grois. Back and better than ever with the new upgrade. I absolutely love the view from the Delano. Great view looking North of the strip. Wonderful service and attetion to detail. Came here on a birthday Couldn't ask for more. I love skyfall. One of the great views from any dining perspective.

1 18 The ambience and customer service was amazing.  The menu also boasted of traditional culinary fare.  However, we had the two most popular items: 1. A pork in spicy red sauce with tortillas and 2. A chicken burrito.  Both times were just okay.  The portion was good and the taste was decent, but I expected a little more considering the amazing decor.  A few more seasonings and/or marinade and it could be a winner! Thank you for the hospitality!

1 19 This is one of my cheap go-to hang out spots for pool. Le Cue features about 10+ tables, 2 foosball tables and a couple of booths to chill in. Friday and weekend nights are packed with twenty something year olds having a good time, but weekdays and daytime there's usually only a few tables going and one of the pros is that the place is spacious so you don't feel packed or crowded. Even at max capacity, you are still able to move around without a problem and it's not claustrophobic. Another point is that the venue is clean and well kept. The vibe is also very chill and fun.  Service is pretty good. They are always nice and helpful when you need it. I can't really comment on the food because I have not tried it but we have ordered drinks and no complaints there. They also serve free water as well.  Music is mostly top 100 billboard and has a good flow to it. My only tiny issue is that sometimes the music is too loud, but that only happens a fraction of the time I go. Place is good. Servi

1 20 I went with a group of girls and we had soo much fun. We got the ruby package jsuk. WIth that we got to learn how to lap dance. How to strip without looking like a dork(we've all been there) And how seduce our men with a few looks.  THEN the difficult part. well for me. I couldn't swing around the damn pole. Luckily the thing lights up and it's rather cozy and small inside. And it goes tos how the one girl who did cheerleading was the best at it. She even got to learn and upside down move.  And my friend who is obsese even finessed the pole. I got it eventually. The instructor was super super nice and fit.  I RECOMMEND IT TO EVERYONE! Also! with the package we got t-shirts and photos. With feather boas. and a card that has our stripper name on it lol. Don't ask. I couldn't think of one. :) oh and it came with a complentary drink at the bar. You know to help relax the nerves! I could have used 4 of em. But eh. It was free. 

1 21 Awesome place! Very authentic! If you like it spicy, ask for Fire #10. Family owned, service is outstanding

1 25 I came here with some friends for wing night and was not disappointed!  The atmosphere is friendly, the service was fantastic and the wings were good. They also had some good beers available (Beau's is one of my new favourites). I asked for the spiciest wings, of course, and they were pretty spicy, but nothing crazy. They also had dry wings, which I was kind of regretful for not getting.   The fries are great! They're sort of bistro style with the skin on.   One of my dining companions is allergic to dairy, wheat and eggs and was super happy to be able to find a wing place that does them without breading.  Monday is wing night, where wings are 50% off. They have food specials every night of the week.  They also have a bunch of screens for you to watch sports if that's your thing, and also a few banquets so it's easy to talk to your friends, if that's your thing. I'd be back again if I were in the area.

0 37 If I'm not at Bazic, I'm here. My friends and I used to bounce back and forth between Zizzy and Bazic at least once a month. I even threw a birthday party here one year! Zizzy has a great happy hour and good selection of songs for karaoke. The only downside lately is that God awful sewage smell! I hope they take care of that soon. :/ 

1 26 I have only come here at night so I only know how the nightlife is, no idea what the food is like.   The back patio is really nice on summer nights, it does get packed so if you want to get a table I suggest coming early. They have the usual drinks and there are a few bars in the restaurant. One side and 2 outside so it is pretty easy to get drinks. They play great music and they have TVs outside so you can catch any game you want.   The service has been great both times I went.   I would definitely suggest this place to come when you want a simi-chill night with friends!

1 27 Outstanding food, drinks, and service. Crab cake appetizer was very moist and flaky. I had Chilean sea bass broiled, and my spouse had bacon wrapped filet oscar. Both we're delicious.  Alex was a gracious server.

1 29 I had the mushroom ravioli and it was simply divine.  Great place to grab a hearty lunch before taking the shops by storm!  The manager or owner (middle-aged Italian[?] gentleman) ensured we had remarkable service.  We will be back!

1 30 Wow! What an amazing first time. We were immediately impressed with the ambiance and location as we arrived. Jax made excellent cocktail recommendations and Frances was charming, and well versed with the entire menu. Every single thing we ordered exceeded our expectations. The customer service was top notch, thank you Jax and Frances for the wonderful evening. Can't wait to bring more friends in.

1 31 I went here for a fundraising comedy show where a number of comedians and other performers performed gratis for the cause.   It's a nice, intimate venue.   Since the stage rotates and the theater isn't that large, can't really have a bad seat.     It was clean and not frayed and tattered.   I shall return for other shows as well since all seats are actually good seats.

1 47 Came here for Sunday brunch with my family. Really enjoyed all the different food stations and food was quite delicious.   We started with omelette station and breakfast food downstairs to worked our way to the lunch food upstairs.   Overall the service is good. Had waive the staff down a few times to gets water refill.   It's also missing a star because it's a bit chaotic on how/where to get food. 

1 33 Entertainment factor earns this place 5! Especially when the host and staff do the Backstreet Boys & n'sync battle! They also were knowledgeable with gluten free and had gf soy sauce, which is always nice. Menu wasn't overwhelmingly huge either, which in my opinion is a plus. Service was great!

1 35 I'm not a frequent customer but every time I do come here they are friendly service and food is great  Rachelle is tremendous bartender with a great memory of us being here! That's a great employee that does her job.. remembers a face so important in her and to us!!! Thanks for that customer service that we don't take for granted! I'm feeling special!

1 36 Heard great things about this place so we had to check it out! Came here on a sunny afternoon and snagged a seat outside on one of the patio tables. The vibe of this place is classy but not overly stuffy. They have a gorgeous subway tiled brick oven behind the bar where they cook the pizzas.  They had a large wine menu- beer and cocktails also available. We ordered 2 red wines (wines range from $7-12ish per glass or you can buy bottles). They don't have an extensive food menu but they have small plates, pizzas and cheese & meat boards available. We got the brussel sprouts & pancetta which were to die for. So buttery! We also ordered the clam pizza (dough was kind of too chewy for me but pizza tasted delicious otherwise). Our servers were extremely friendly and accommodating. Definitely going to come back and try their happy hour!

1 37 After years of patronizing the Las Vegas strip, I have finally had it. All these big name restaurateurs have in the last decade or so set up shop on the strip. The food is, for the most part, average; the prices are sky high and the service stinks.  So lately I have taken to checking out the off-the-strip establishments. And I have to say I have been amply rewarded. Case in point, Sparrow + Wolf. OMG! A foodie's haven away from the torture of the strip. Located in Chinatown, it is nouveau cuisine but totally relatable. Fresh new takes on the classics.  The place is cozy, intimate and friendly. The fare superb.  Tuna poke, wood fired lasagne, beef cheek and marrow dumplings and short rib (see pictures) just blew us away (my daughter and her husband from New York were my dining companions). A lovely experience complemented by very friendly staff.

1 38 I have been to this Applebee's a couple of times. Service is great. They offer military discount and they have week day lunch specials. Love it :)

1 10 really fun place to be. drink specials are affordable and the bartenders aren't bad.  music is loud and there is a cover for guys on the weekends. this is a usual stop on any decent Scottsdale bar hopping experience  Dance the night away, avoid the weirdos, and if you have a few friends, get a VIP experience. we got it once and we had a nice area to ourselves watching the action play out. 

1 39 I have only been to this restaurant once and have never been to the fish market (which I have heard great things about); however, the restaurant experience was excellent! I went with a a group of 5 adults plus one infant.  They have high chairs for kids there so that was nice for my friend.  I ordered the fish and chips and so did my friend, and the rest of our party ordered the grilled octopus, steamed clams, raw oysters, lobster club sandwich, and seafood chowder.  Everyone truly enjoyed their meals.  The oysters were fresh and delicious. The fish and chips were crispy and not too greasy.  The service was also great. They were very knowledgeable about the food and very friendly.  The space is a bit small, so I wouldn't be surprised if it gets busy during lunch and dinner hours.  We went around 1:30pm on a Tuesday, and it was almost empty.  I'm very much looking forward to returning to this place!

1 40 I love the Olive Garden.  I have been here several times, and only once been disappointed.  Great place to take the family for dinner without having to completely drain your wallet.  The service is usually good, and the selection is varied enough to please everyone you bring with you.  But it can get crowded, so be prepared to wait.  I do not remember if they take reservations, but if they do, make one.

1 42 The best nightclub in Pittsburgh! I am not a fan of night clubs but I love to dance and have a good time. SouthSide is overrated, so this place is great. The ages vary, so it is not all young college students. The decor os fabulous and the music is great. Not too hard to grab a drink at the bar and usually not too crowded to where you cannot move. The dancers in the wall are awesome as well!

1 43 Had such a great time tonight celebrating "Tuesday"  Chef ROBERTO was fantastic with all the kids at the table and he had a few tricks we haven't seen before when we have gone to other Benihana locations. Our server CHRIS(TOPHER) was friendly and funny. Even the young man that was hosting was efficient, friendly and accommodating. We will be back!

1 44 Very intimate venue. Reminds me of the MOD club. Great acoustics. You can hang downstairs or upstairs. 

1 45 Barrio, you are the best! I cannot ever get enough of their queso and salsa, it is amazing. The build your own taco concept is fabulous and I have been to all of their locations bust must say, kuddos to the downtown Cleveland location! You never let me down with your timely service, attention to the accuracy of my orders, succulent and mouth watering margaritas and an experience that always leaves me wanting to come back. If you want Mexican, get here now.

1 46 I came here twice; once when I was really little and the second time was in December of 2007 for a Leehom Wang concert. There is tons of seating, and the acoustics is pretty good; it fills the whole stadium. There are two large screen TV's that project a larger image of the performer on stage. When I went for the concert, they had the words projected on the screen in real time as well, which I thought was cool. They have grand seating, general seating, and upper level seating. The only thing is it's an oval shape, so the people on the very sides of the oval are in an awkward position. Otherwise it's a great place; it looks really nice when it's completely dark and everyone just has their cell phone lights on. :-)

1 47 First off I got to give props to Andrew for always giving me such a great experience anytime I visit. This place is basically the dtlv experience but on a more intimate level.  The selection for drinks they have is very extensive. Huge variety of drinks on tap as well as having a decent cocktail menu. Genesee lager for $3?! What a steal! The cocktail menu changes every once in awhile to keep it fre$h. My recommendation would be to get the drink with basil and strawberry syrup! On point.  What really attracts me to this place is the ambiance. I feel very comfortable here. The place doesn't get too crowded but at the same time it's never really dead inside. Inside you can be mellow. Have small talk at the bar or in front of the projector. Outside the atmosphere is a little different. Watch local bands play or just take a seat and admire those cool string lights you wish you had at home.  This place just touches on every point of what a 5 star place should be. Customer service, ambiance, 

1 48 This place has some of the friendliest staff of all the PT's I've been to in this city. I usually come in for coffee and breakfast and Asia is usually my bartender. Nobody is ever pushing and the service couldn't be better. Would recommend.

1 49 One of my favorite places to hang out on a Saturday or Sunday night due to bands that play there every weekend. Last Saturday night I reserved two tables there for a friends birthday and Wasted Grain even decorated the tables with balloons, I thought that was awesome. Our server checked in frequently for drinks which is always a plus and the rest of the staff is always courteous and friendly. I would highly recommend this place for a fun night of dancing on a Saturday nights and if you love 80's rock check them out on Sunday nights to see the band Metalhead.   People of all ages come here and the dress code can be casual to dressy, depending on how you feel.   No cover charge either

1 50 Liz J. and I visited Caliente's for the first time about a month ago. We were super hungry and wanted to try everything on the menu!  We ordered the loaded fries and breaded zucchini to start. They were both delicious! Although they were amazing, they weren't anything out of the ordinary when it comes to bar appetizers.  Next, we ordered the buffalo chicken rolls and the jalapeno bacon rolls. I assumed we would be receiving two small orders, since they were only $7 each and I became adjusted to receiving small portions of rolls at restaurants.   No. There were six rolls in each order and they were HUGE. I was only able to finish one of each and I was completely stuffed. They were homemade and absolutely amazing. The flavors were awesome and they went deliciously with their homemade ranch.   I was pleasantly surprised with my visit to Caliente's. I assumed it was going to be just another pizza bar, but it wasn't at all. Awesome service, a great selection of drafts and OUT of this WORLD 

1 23 Fun place!  They have ski ball, that's always fun.  Cool place to go and pub crawl to P-Stone and Kennedy's! 

1 32 friendly bartenders, full bar, awesome specials (and good music).  I may not always love the live acts at the double door but the people and the atmosphere make up for it. plus there are a few games, a pool table, and a patio around back if you need a break from the stage.   last time I was there thursday nights were:  free for ladies, $5 for guys. $2 miler lites, $3 sam adams, $4 wells. 

1 41 my mom is a beatles fan and last year we saw the excellent Beatles Love so this year we went back for the Beatleshow.  i am a fan myself and was impressed with the quality of these impersonations!  they really worked on all the mannerisms down to Ringo's head toss and John bobbing up and down as he played.  John was my favorite impersonator, but George's set REALLY impressed me.  these guys can sing and play.  we got 4th row with a free dinner pass so look around on the web for deals.  very worth it! 

1 44 Great place to experience a mini vegas experience. Scottsdale is definitely up and coming in the nightlife scene and this provides an awesome alternative to going out at night.  I much prefer pool parties and it gives you the ability to enjoy the DJ or catch some rays or even chat with friends (sometimes).  Check it out for sure. 

1 50 Very cool place.  It feels like you are at Mardi Gras.  They have these massive televisions that take up an entire 30' tall wall.  Zach was the bartender and he was pretty cool.  They have gambling machines that you can win $250,000.   They have a special where you can purchase 6 bud lights for only $15.  That is extremely affordable for Vegas.  Bourbon St also has a plethora of arcade games and a pool table if you aren't a gambler.   Those games were a lot of fun.  They have a full menu but we didn't try anything.  Overall it's a pretty cool place to hang and we will be back. 


