 ###### Price  negative ######
1 7 My sister and I had to bring my Shiba Inu here because she started hacking from eating chicken bones. They checked us in efficiently and the front-desk staff was very courteous. Took them about 20 minutes to get us into an exam room, which was understandable 'cause there were about 8 other pets in the lobby before us with appointments.  Dr. Khamsi (sp?) was very nice and respectful to Shae and us. She and the staff gave us options to choose from, and the price was reasonable for an X-ray, medicine to help Shae's throat inflammation, and 6 cans of soft dog food to help digest in this situation.  I have to mention that this is the second time I've had a good interaction with the Craig Road Animal Hospital - took Shae here about a year ago for her spay.  Their price for the surgery was comparable to the animal shelter. I also recall being able to schedule the procedure for the day after I stumbled upon them on Yelp, so I thought that was accommodating. She had a reaction to the pain meds 

1 8 I would not recommend this place to anyone. I wanted to get my cat nuetered and they quoted me a fair price over the phone. I got into the office and I was advised that the price that was quoted over the phone was a low end price. They advised me that they would not give him an IV or some of the other things they didn't consider necessary but they would strongly recommend it because my cat could die if there is a complication. The vet assistant advised me that she buys the extra package because she wants to make sure her pets are safe. This felt like an entire sales presentation. When you are playing with someone's emotions over their animal and trying to extort more money from them it is extremely unprofessional. I walked out and would never do business with a place that doesn't put my animals safety as its first priority. They are more concerned with your money than the safety of your animal.

1 10 I really like Animal Inn.  I've boarded my three smallish dogs a number of places around town and the prices have really gotten out of control at a lot of other boarders.  About three years ago, we found Animal Inn and the prices have stayed steady - and very reasonable.  This is a no-frills kennel.  No sofas or cameras or private dog parties, but the dog runs are clean, they have indoor/outdoor space for each run, and the employees are very caring.  They offer outdoor "playtime" for an add-on fee, and it is really PLAY time.  The staff will take your doggo out and play fetch, run around, or whatever it is your doggo likes to do.  We typically do this as a once per day add on, and it's worth the extra couple bucks.  They also offer end-of-stay baths, so your furry friend doesn't come home smelling like a zoo.    All in all, I have no complaints.  They are so kind here, and the location is pretty convenient if you're going to the airport or leaving town on I-15 South (maybe not so much  

1 9 We took our dog here for CCL knee surgery and were quite happy with the results. We were quoted $2315. and it actually ended up being a bit less. This price included the drugs and follow up visit. They got us into surgery the next morning, and Dr Toncray explained the ins and outs of the procedure, and gave us certain exercises to rehabilitate the knee. This is a pretty common surgery with older dogs and the price charged was in line with what I read online. Of course larger dogs are more, and if you install a plate it can end up around $3200. So the morale of the story is don't let your older dog try to jump 30" into bed without a step or two to help her, unless you are independently wealthy.  I read some of the negative reviews and it sounds like people not watching their animals and letting them get poisoned or roughed up by another animal and expecting a shot to cure them. Also, it's not like an animal can say "hey my stomach hurts." Tests are pricey, but I feel that Ingleside is c

1 11 I inadvertantly went to the Washington location online menu tonight when I was trying to decide what to order and discovered that the prices at that location are between $1.50 and $2.00 more per item. I completely understand the need to have higher prices to cover the location costs, but am even more pleased that this location is closer to my home.

1 13 I'm giving this a bad review not for the store, although it is overpriced. But for the red head employee who was extremely rude to me. (She had no name tag.) She didn't want to work with me on 1/2 cash and 1/2 credit like any other business would. Not a big deal as she was making it out to be but it was almost closing time and I'm sure she wanted to go.  She said she wanted to save a "credit card fee".  Instead of keeping a happy "regular" client who ALWAYS buys cases of 24.  Instead I put back a lot of the cans. She didn't want to do 2 separate transactions either.  Total prior was $52- Total afterwards was $21-  she must really want to penny pinch more than I did!!  So she saved her "cc fee" and also undersold me quite a bit of cat food. I hope her boss is proud.  Store policy! Store policy! Store policy!! That's all I keep hearing. All I wanted was to keep a bit of cash on me.  I also have a 10 week old pit bull that eats tons.. I won't be going there anymore.

1 14 Been a customer here for a while. Love the vets but the prices and wait times are awful. I have been left waiting in the room up to 40 minutes after the dr. does the exam. Also, I can't get out of there for less than $100 ever and feel like I am always saying no to excess charges. It's too bad but most people don't have millions of $$$ laying around.

1 15 I recently went to go buy a under tank heater for my ball python as hers had unexpectedly gone out and we needed one asap. $40 for the UTH seemed kind of expensive when I was in the store, so I decided to check online just in case. Even on their own website, Petco was selling the exact same product for $18-19. When I brought it up the register they said they could price match, but only up to a 50% discount (so $20). That means they wouldn't even match their own website all the way. I would caution anyone buying products here that if you can spare one or two days for shipping, just get it online or from Amazon.com. Even if you can't wait, make sure to price match! I can't imagine the number of people who have been scammed by buying full price items in store.

1 16 I have a soft spot in my heart for this Petsmart because I adopted my cat here at one of their shelter adoption events. If you are looking for a new companion, be sure to check out the cat and dog adoptions. The store hosts local animal shelters and you can adopt a pet in need! They do NOT sell cats and dogs (but they do sell fish, birds, small reptiles and mammals like mice and hamsters...I don't really like ANY animals being for sale but it is what it is).   This is a sparkling clean and well organized store. I shop here from time to time to pick up some fresh catnip or toys for my kitty. The prices on everyday things like food and cat litter aren't very competitive when compared to Target or Wal-Mart but they do carry specialty toys, pet carriers, beds and items that you can't find anywhere else. Petsmart is what I call the "Dean & Deluca" of pet supply stores; they carry higher end things or hard to find items.   Lots of parking and pets on a leash are welcome. There are always som

1 22 I've yelped one of the vets here, Dr. Pamela Ford and gave her 5 stars. I've also yelped a different vet and gave them 2 stars. I went in today to readdress the issue I took my dog in for a the other place. If you go and read that review, you'll see what happened there.  Well, my visit today was completely opposite from the other place.. for the exact same issue.   Other place: $200 blood test, skin scraping, possible allergy scratch test..  AAWC: Put him in a cone, wipe of his body once a day with a washcloth to remove any allergens (pollen, ect) and give him a kid's benadryl twice a day. If it turns out he needs a more intense antihistamine then that's fine, but let's start out on the most inexpensive medication and see what happens.   I used to drive to this vet from Maricopa, and now we're in Chandler. I got lazy and tried a place near my house.. Never again.   I've loved Dr. Ford since she was at Baseline Animal Clinic 7 years ago. Our cat needed a $1500 surgery and we were poor c

1 24 i've been in here twice, hoping to pick up a new toy, treat, or accessory for my prized pooch, but i never seem to leave with anything. i find the collars and leashes to be nothing more than ordinary, and if they happen to have something glitzy, it's marked up beyond belief. as are most of their treats and toys. i can purchase most of what they sell here at ryans pet supply for half the price.   they do have a large selection of natural and organic and all that "non-processed" healthy food/snacks for your dog, but i tried giving kinsey some all natural dog treats and she threw them up two minutes later. so much for trying to be trendy and organic.   i'm assuming it's gay-owned because of the assortment of rainbow stickers on the door, so i'll give them cool points for that. but i just can't get over how overpriced everything is, and what little they actually have to offer.

1 25 I love their self wash! Makes it convenient for pet owners. They supply everything from shampoos down to finishing your pet off with the best smelling colognes! At $13 plus free hot oil if u check in on yelp, it's worth checking this place out. The only downfall is, the products for sale are overly priced. Find what you like and buy it on amazon instead.

1 26 I'm more than a little ashamed that Wag N' Wash has been operating out of Melrose for three years and I'm just now discovering its unbrided awesomeness.   My pug / French bulldog, Zeke, sheds like a muther so bathing him at home can be quite messy. So today we (well, technically Zeke didn't really weigh in on the decision) opted to check out Wag N' Wash and it was a convenient and fun experience.  There are several attendants at the ready, waiting to assist and answer questions and they were quick to pick up on the fact that Zeke doesn't care for strangers getting up in his business none too much. They smiled and kept their distance while remaining attentive to my first-timiness needs.  Rich and the gals at the cashier's counter were extremely patient and congenial as I weighed my add-on options and they gave me a nice recap on how Wag N' Wash originated and some of their more boutique-y offerings.  While I got a little spend-happy, Wag N' Wash doesn't have to be an expensive stop. I t

1 27 I have been taking my dog here for about a year since he was a puppy at 8 weeks old.  The staff is awesome, they always remember you and your dog and are always nice.  The Veterinarians are always very professional and kind.  The only problem with this place is they try and up-sell you on everything and are outrageously expensive.  They are at least 30% more than other clinics in the area and for that reason, they got 3 stars.  I understand you get what you pay for, but you can't walk out of there for under $200 for a basic visit and a round of shots and their markup on vaccines and medications (heartguard) is ridiculous.  Great place but after a while I got sick of paying a premium and hearing how my 1 year old healthy dog needed more general tests completed at a high price.  A dollar saved is a dollar earned.

1 28 I'm giving them 3 stars because the facility is very nice and the staff is exceptionally pleasant. The Doctor even calls you personally to follow up on your pet. The prices, however, are astronomical! The do veterinary services and also grooming. It is $45 just to see the Vet. It was $500 to get his teeth cleaned, and they wanted another $650 on top of that to extract a few. Have you ever seen cat teeth? They are smaller than a grain of Basmati rice! Over $1100 to pull teeny tiny teeth!? I have a long haired cat and I needed him shaved and his nails clipped. It was $17 for the nail clipping and $98 for the lion style hair cut. Since he was also having his teeth cleaned, he was sedated when they shaved him. I got him back and his haircut was uneven, they didn't trim the fur down in the front so he just looked scraggly almost like a reverse mullet, and they didn't even wash him. His feet were dirty and his back was dandruffy. I could have done a better job myself and saved $100. I would 

1 33 OK. I feel torn about this place.   I used to love it. Really, really, really love it. I told everyone about it. I trusted them. I love the location.  However, I have noticed that over the years the prices have steadily gone up. Also, we had an issue with boarding (they weren't there when they said they would be for us to pick up our dog and we waited for hours)  I'm giving them 4 stars though because I'm not a jerk. I think they genuinely do care for the animals. I also think they have priced themselves out.

1 34 Took our dog in because he was having troubles walking suddenly. It was about 7:30pm on a Tuesday night and no one in there at the time. The front desk attendant Michelle was super friendly. I was cautious only because I've had other people come here many years ago and they told me about how they wouldn't even see your pet without getting money upfront first.  Things must have changed because I kept waiting to immediately hand them money, instead they showed us back to an exam room. We had dr. Harrigan and she was also very friendly, handled our little guy with care, and very confident in her diagnosis.  Because we had a healthcare plan we took him to Banfield in the morning but Dr. Harrigan was able to correctly pinpoint the area of concern, which later showed in X-rays. They gave him some pain meds and an injection to help him until the morning.  It can be expensive but it's like any emergency, even if a human had to go to the ER it's a lot more for X-rays at a hospital (even with in

1 35 Typical PetSmart location on Arroyo Crossing Parkway, on the north side of the road between Best Buy and Sam's Club.  You will find just about anything you may need for your pet under one roof here. Thing is, on certain items you can find them at much more affordable prices elsewhere.  -Dog or Cat beds I like to get at Ross. They don't have quite the selection this place has, but what they do offer can be found at literally half the price or less than PetSmart! -Plastic chew toys can be picked up at the 99 Cents Store instead of the $7-$20 range I saw here.(Really?! $20 for a f*cking plastic chew toy??) - I just learned today(the hard way) that even pee pads for our puppy can be found at the 99 Cents Store. We did grab some here for $5 a pack because the 2nd pack was 50% off. Not bad, just not as good at the 99 Cents Store. -dog and cat food is slightly cheaper at WalMart but I will gladly pay a little extra here if it will keep me out of WalMart!  As long as you catch a promo or coupo

1 36 I can always find what I need here. The store carries a wide assortment of toys that Hank likes,  as well as rawhide and other doggie treats. The staff is always helpful, and Hank seems to like it here They always give him a treat when we bring him in. The prices are a little on the high side, in my opinion.  The only negative for me is the Banfield Hospital,  it is a rip off. You pay the month fee, and still have to come out of pocket when you bring pooch or kitty to them. Oh, and you can't cancel until the END of the contract.....

1 37 Okay,decided to wander in for a look see. Was looking for a place to wash the dog,but found this place,while cute and all,to be a bit pricey do it yourself wash scenario. So I decided to see if they had a winter coat for the hound. Well,they did...for 60 dollars. Yes...SIXTY dollars. I was immediatly reminded of the scene in Working Girl where Tess  needs a dress to crash the networking party and she finds one in the boss' closet that had a hefty price tag on it. After hearing the price of the dress,Cyn exclaims,"It's not evun leathuh!!!".... I knew the sentiment. Now when I'm out and about with the dog,I routinely have random conversations with him. So dog is sitting there watching my expression over the price tag of this BS fabric dog jacket,and I tell him,"They want 60 clams for this!Hell,MY winter coat didn't even cost 60 clams!Sorry dog,you'll be naked a bit longer.They're fucking nuts with their pricing!" So we turn around to leave when I saw the sales guy standing right there af

1 40 It looks like a dump, but it really isn't.  Tons of way cool herps here! There is a snake in this store that's bigger than a grown man. All the herps looks healthy and well taken care of. Even the damn hissing cockroaches look cheerful. They sell lighting, decorations, aquariums, starter kits, bowls, supplements and feeders (mice, worms and crickets.)   Average customer service, but the guys here really know their stuff. The stores downfall = a bit more expensive than other places..... but you get what you pay for.

1 41 This place is a great concept! The employees are very friendly, explain their products/services in great detail, & are always checking in with you to make sure everything is going great. I have had my two dogs in here twice now. They supply everything & clean up after your done! To be honest, my boyfriend and I find the whole experience to be fun & engaging. Who knew bathing your dogs could be so much fun? They use all natural products & offer great baked goods, made especially for dogs. I always get my dogs a couple of them afterwards as a treat for being so good. There is also a cute resident schnauzer who wanders around the place. The only down side is the price. It's a bit expensive, so we don't go super often. (I think the prices ranged from $13-20 per dog depending on the wash you choose).

1 42 Yes, they are a little on the pricey side here at CPM - but they've got the "good stuff"! Only the best of the best for fido in here. I'm not sure how I know this, as my dog doesn't provide me with quality feedback, and occasionally eats his own poop... but it does make me feel better about myself - and isn't that what really matters? 

1 42 I'm not sure about their grooming facilites, but the 'day care' portion does not live up to their advertising.  The facility is extremely small, and the employees do not seem experienced with different types of dogs.  I have an energetic puppy, and was told to bring him back when 'he was older and had less energy'.  If that were the case, I probably would not need to take him to day care.    There are much better options in town at a comparable price.

1 43 a little expensive. my 4.5 lb Maltese is $45 to groom. but they're nice. friendly. even let u talk to the groomer and tell them how u want your dog groomed.

1 1 13 I'm giving this a bad review not for the store, although it is overpriced. But for the red head employee who was extremely rude to me. (She had no name tag.) She didn't want to work with me on 1/2 cash and 1/2 credit like any other business would. Not a big deal as she was making it out to be but it was almost closing time and I'm sure she wanted to go.  She said she wanted to save a "credit card fee".  Instead of keeping a happy "regular" client who ALWAYS buys cases of 24.  Instead I put back a lot of the cans. She didn't want to do 2 separate transactions either.  Total prior was $52- Total afterwards was $21-  she must really want to penny pinch more than I did!!  So she saved her "cc fee" and also undersold me quite a bit of cat food. I hope her boss is proud.  Store policy! Store policy! Store policy!! That's all I keep hearing. All I wanted was to keep a bit of cash on me.  I also have a 10 week old pit bull that eats tons.. I won't be going there anymore.

1 48 I've come here twice. Both times the vet tried to up-sell lots of tests and prescription pills.   The first time I thought they really were recommending what is for the best- and I actually did get the Xrays that they advised, though I had them done at a different vet's office, because it was significantly less expensive. (Those xrays didn't explain any of the problems either). The 2nd time, when I brought a stray dog in that looked significantly underweight. The vet said  she could feel the dogs liver... and as she began to explain the next part she hid her hands in her pockets, a classic move made by a person when not being forthcoming, and said it could be a mass, but it could also be because the dog is skinny. She said the dog looked pretty good other than that and she'd write up a action plan for getting the dog back in good health. She then left and sent in a tech with a itemized bill for blood work and shots over $500 worth.   I then attempted to clarify what I came in for. I wa

1 49 The Petsmart is pretty good as a whole but my major complaint here is there is this one a little older sales associate woman who kind of wonders around. I will get her name next time I go in. They really need to get rid of her. I'm 6'1 and 240 lbs and she tries to bully me into buying what she thinks I should buy. I can't imagine what she does to other ppl she can actually intimidate. My wife and i were mad about it for about an hour after we left the store and ruined our chill Sunday mostly because this is a regular occurence with this lady.   Anyway, everytime we go in she tries to sell me a certain brand of dog food that i do not use. I told her I use Earthborn Holistic dry food which is the one of the highest rated dog foods you can get and I don't buy it at Petsmart because they do not carry it. She is the typical know it all lady. She made a face like it was some cheap brand but it's $55 a bag and if you look on Dog Food Advisor sites it is about 1-2 stars higher than the shit ki


 ###### Price  positive ######
1 7 We adopted a puppy a few weeks ago, and recently took him in to see Dr. Bart. The vet techs were great, and treated us and the pup with care and professionalism. Dr. Bart answered all our questions and we didn't feel in the least bit swindled on pricing. We got his first set of vaccines, both types of fecal testing, a microchip, and heartworm preventative, along with the full exam. Our bill was about $250, which is significantly lower than other vets we have worked with.   They also do nail trims for $16...a HUGE bonus for our adult dog who is 80lbs+ and too strong for us to go after our nails on our own.  We are looking forward to Ingleside being our full time vet! 

1 8 I won't buy my dog food anywhere else!  They are a small, family-run store with EVERYTHING you need for your pets!    Super friendly, reasonable prices...and they'll share a coupon willingly!  I recently saw a sign for doggie teeth cleaning where they don't sedate your pet.  I'm looking forward to trying this service.

0 10 This place lives up to its name. Believe the hype. This couple loves dogs and takes great care of them. They seem to take pride in their luxury pet hotel and strive to give a great experience every time. My girlfriend has dropped our dog off 5x already & this is the only pet hotel she never has anxiety about leaving her dog. He's like an extension of our family as I'm sure yours is. It's worth the little bit of extra money to leave your pet here. Even our dog loves this place. He seems to be comfortable only when we bring him here. Any other place we've ever left him he's always nervous and looks scared when we leave him. But not here. 

1 1 Amazing no reviews about this place considering it's been there a while now.  I have 3, small ponds.  Largest is around 400 gallons, smallest is about 130 gallons.  I go in there during late spring and summer and get fish.  Koi, goldfish and yes, mollies seem to do well in ponds as well.  I just wait until they have a sale on them, which usually means a great price.  I like taking one of my Great Danes in there since they allow leashed, vaccinated pets.  Stuff for my ponds is about all I get in there.  I don't buy much of anything for dogs because their prices are just too much more than prices I can find elsewhere.  But, it's a cool place to walk around and look at all the stuff and make a wishlist and maybe go on Ebay or visit Walmart (umm, well maybe not) or somewhere and see if you can find something at a bit more reasonale price.  Cool employees, really don't have a problem with the place excepting the prices. 

0 3 I like this store...it's better and cheaper then Petco, really great stuff, very helpful, a while back, one of the employes spent over 10 min with me, helping me decide the best cage for my African Grey! How great is that! A ten in costumer service !!!  Now...the part I don't agree with, since I'm such a freak when it comes about good deals...the Banfield Pet Hospital inside the store...the front desk lady was so pushy trying to sell me some stupid insurance for my puppy, I felt like shaking some common sense out of her...puppy plans at $407 a year, adult plans $491 a year!!! Really people? How many times do you spend almost $500/year on your vet bills?!??!? Is this a joke? And than, of course she offers o recommend me the most expensive dog food the store has to offer...really? Are you telling me that on your front desk salary you can afford it?!  Other than that, the pet private class sounds good! No, not the ones for $109 for each beginner,than another $109 for intermediate, another 

1 2 We brought in our Border Collie who was way overdue for a grooming. He sheds like mad. Our floor always looks like a bunch of Bikers came in and shaved their beards. The prices are a bit high, but they do a solid job. Our dog returned well groomed, clean, washed, and not at all traumatized. They are very friendly here and treat your pets nicely. Even if your pet is unruly...which we seen a lot of coming here. This is our goto place in the area for a quick pet grooming.

1 4 After my kitty delivered her first litter of kittens, I decided it was time to get her spayed before another bunch came along.  Since I'm not from Charlotte, trying to find a reliable, reasonably priced vet was a daunting task.  But, luckily, I found Commonwealth Animal Hospital.  The prices are very reasonable and my kitty received great care!  She stayed with them over a weekend, got spayed, and got all of her shots and the bill was less than every other place in town that I researched.  After she was home for a few days, the little kittens tore the suture open, so we had to take her back.  They sewed her right up, gave her some anti-biotics, and were extremely understanding about my financial situation.  They let me pay a week later when I received my paycheck and the vet actually came out and spoke with me about my animal, reassuring me that it was fine and I wasn't a deadbeat parent.  :)  A really great place to take your animals for superb care!  The staff here is awesome too!

1 5 I freakin love the hell out of this place. With my previously passed dog, I used to take him for the self-wash which ranges from $11, I think to $17. This depends on the shampoo, etc that you use. There are blowers to dry your pets, too.   For my newest dog, who doesn't need as frequent baths, I take her often for the nail trims. Her nails grow so fast and it is convenient to walk in and get nails clipped for $8. I think I get more excited at the prospect of buying her treats at the bakery counter. There is a great variety of biscuits, cookies, etc, and I love that they have "muffins" and "cupcakes" for your pets.   There is also a plenty of pet food, toys, and gear. We also picked up some spray for shedding and sour apple spray for our puppy's chewing. They have a rewards card that sends you 5% when you spend $500. Wag-N-Wash is definitely a one stop shop for pet owners!

1 6 Left our baby here on our recent trip here and I was for the most part happy great prices compared to most places. A Very friendly staff that played with and introduced themselves to Payton before taking her back to the kennels. They had a large grassy play yard for the dogs and yes they charge extra for playtime and stuff but it's still cheaper then home which charges close to 50 a night in most places. My only real complaint is that we didn't see the kennel area so I don't know what it looks like back there but to be fair I did not ask to be taken back either. I will come back because Payton was very happy and healthy when I picked her up.

1 7 This is my favorite place to pick up food, toys, and other accessories for my beloved little ones.  The selection is excellent and the prices are more than competitive.   If they don't have it in the store, you can ask them to order from the inventory on the website and have it shipped.  I have shopped both locations and have good experiences.  The store is always clean, well stocked, and the employees are super helpful and really do know a great deal about the products.  I love the rewards program here as well.

1 8 Love this place.  Will only bring Walter my granddogy to this establishment.  They listened and cared about our request. Walter was washed clipped and trimmed for a very reasonable price.  Thank you!!!!

1 9 Dr. Willms has been my German Short-Haired Pointer's Dr since she was 1 and we are so pleased with his care and love for her. Banana is a very hyper puppy and it takes a lot out of a Vet to handle. Dr Willms is comfortable with all puppies and was a perfect match for my Banana.  The office is a bit far from home but well worth the drive. Out Banana is cared for with tender care when ever she may need to stay for a day visit.  The prices for medications are reasonable. The staff understands the love you have for your pet and want to relay that every time you may wish or need to come in for care.

1 12 They seem to have everything I need for my pups no matter what it is. The sweet raspy voiced little old lady who works the register most days, is a complete delight. The have a cool little dry treat area where you can mix and match all different treats and pay be weight. My dogs love the variety. They will match prices if you ask them too.

1 13 Came here for my dogs birthday cake, which the dogs enjoyed! Love that they shaped it like a bone :) They do ask that you give them a 48 hour notice for any cakes.  They have a full shop of treats, toys, dog food, and much more. Plus you can come and wash your dog here in their stations , where they provide everything or you can have them wash and groom your dog. The prices are affordable and the staff is always helpful and friendly!

0 10 $42.00 for a Yorkie basic wash/haircut, a little pricey in my opinion, but DJ did a good job. She called me & explained a couple different options in regards to nail trimming &  explained the price differences before taking it upon herself to do it which I appreciate. Overall a good experience compared to the last couple groomers I have encountered... 

1 14 I love this pet store. They have great prices and good staff.   It's very clean and the staff is so helpful.   They have such a unique and large selection of toys and treats!  It's about 25 minutes from my house but I come here all the time!

1 15 Come here often!  I'm usually here to use the self service dog wash and will also get treats, toys, collars, and his nails trimmed. Everyone here is so friendly and they have a great selection of items that I trust to give to my fur baby!   This is the best self service dog wash I have been to. They have so many options for different washes to give your dog and even have a heated aloe option which helps with my pups allergies.  The prices put the cherry on top as they are completely reasonable and a value for what you get.   Thank you to this local business!

1 16 I'm always saving money over here in this Petsmart location.  I get Bank Amerideals for 10% cash back every month or so for Petsmart purchases. I order it online, usually use whatever promo code they send me in the email and check out with my debit.  I save money plus get more in cash back in my checking.  They have the right product for the right price.  Though I just heard on the 10 o' clock news the Chase bank was robbed today across the parking lot... :(

1 17 If cleanliness is very important to you, this might it be the place for you. However, the staff is efficient and friendly. I don't feel they tried to up sell me any services. Very reasonably priced!

1 18 The price is the best I could find,  but their intake system is broken.  They claim it is fist come first serve,  but that is not the case.  Perhaps I need to bribe the right person,  but I've seen 10 people go in before me and they arrived after me.  I have been waiting for intake four 90 minutes! 

1 18 The staff here is very nice and drs are very well informative the one thing is how informative the interaction you get with the veterinarian in the room when at most places they are in and out and spend less time with you. (But charge a lot for less time) not here they really do care about their clients and animals. We will continue to come here as long as the care it top Quality. Prices are also good on vaccines and testing. Try them out, we did and we are happy!

1 20 By far one of the best pet stores in the valley. If your animal doesn't like the food you brought, you can always bring it back and try something else. All the employees are really friendly and helpful and I've never had a negative interaction with any of them. Prices are very affordable considering this isn't a typical chain store. Highly recommended!

1 21 I have been in to the Wag N Wash a couple times, once to buy cat food and once to get my puppy groomed. The people who work here are helpful and seem to be knowledgeable about their products. There is a long wait to get your pup groomed, we had to schedule 3 weeks out, so keep that in mind. They did a good job on my puppy and were very reasonably priced. I will definitely be frequenting the Wag N Wash for grooming and pet care needs.

1 21 $49 exam fee.   I had an emergency with my new puppy this morning when I found a worm in his poo. I'm a complete vermiphobe, so it was a terrifying experience for me. I had to find a vet that was open on Sunday and reasonably priced, and thank goodness Arrow Animal Hospital fit the bill.   I walked in with my puppy this very morning and was seen in less than 20 mins. Dr. Haley was wonderful with him. She was so friendly and patient and did a great job of explaining everything to me and answering my questions. The Vet Tech was also fantastic in taking care of my puppy and administering his meds.   Overall, I think I've found the vet office that I will be using from now on. 

1 22 This place I would recommend for spay or neuter. Took my two American bullies to get spay and they did a good job. Staff was so nice and knowledgeable. Dr archuleta is the best! My girls were taking care of from the time I dropped them off till I picked them up. Prices were reasonable from other places I looked into. Just prepare yourself for a wait when checking in but we'll worth it.

1 23 AMAZING! Stumbled upon this place through a mutual friend on Yelp and I'll probably never shop at PetSmart again..   They have everything! I couldn't believe how low prices were - $3.99 for a large filled, "Chicken" flavor bone that normally costs about $12 elsewhere. I bought 2 of those and a basket of other good chews and a few toys for my cat and retrievers.   The store is neatly organized and plentiful. Unfortunately, they don't sell the food I'm currently feeding my dogs, but I would consider switching just to make it a one stop shop for all of my pet's needs.  We're relocating across town in the next month :( But I loved this place so much, I would definitely make the drive. 

1 24 This is probably the best pet store (for reptiles) in the Phoenix area. They have a large selection of reptiles including snakes, lizards and tortoises. They breed their own sulcatas and bearded dragons and have just about any type of feeder insect you could want (crickets, roaches, worms...). They also have some NFS animals on display that are beautiful. These include a giant Burmese python, a Rhinoceros Iguana and a really fat frog. Prices are good and the animals all look healthy. 

0 23 Had my big husky puppy groomed here before! Staff was very friendly and attentive. My dog does not like to be caged and the staff handled it well without my assistance. The prices seem a little steep but it is to be expected in a boutique grooming shop! Pup came out gorgeous and clean, but was still shedding a lot. 

1 25 Wish I knew about this place sooner!! We rescued a second dog, but this time went to NSPCA and they gave us coupons for this place. DSuch a welcoming, friendly environment. Any place would've been mad if my dog got behind the counter, but they were so sweet about it. They were so kind to us and even let our dog sample the treats!! I will only come here from now on to get dog food and dog treats, way better than petsmart or any other big companies. I like the affordable prices and the healthy organic options they have for my babies! Will be hear again soon and I will definitely be building my points

1 26 Excellent, honest, personable and caring veterinary care! This practice does not sugar coat anything nor try to sell you on unnecessary products or services. I felt open to address all my concerns even knowing they could only do so much under the circumstances; most importantly everyone made me feel comfortable and welcomed. Soon after arriving my pet stopped acting nervous and started to relax. Good vibes, fair prices and happy animals is the business.

1 27 Great experience! They always get us in for same day appointments and do exactly what we ask. Also their prices are very very reasonable compared to other places. They are also fairly good with the amount of time they take because I really don't want my pup staying in a cage for 5-6 hours.

1 29 If you're looking for a Vet that's affordable and caring. This place is it. We usually see Dr. Nicki or Dr. Ben (Blue)  Gateway sees all 7 of our babes, from their shots, to emergencies. Our 16 year lab has had multiple surgeries  done by these two fantastic doctors, one was just done yesterday by Dr Ben.  When the majority of Vets would say and have said no because of his age. Gateway and their amazing doctors agreed to operate on my boy, to save his life and improve his overall health. Our newest kitten has had several emergencies and she's been taken care of and now she's perfect.  I love the fact that it's a walk in clinic, yes sometimes the wait can be a bit long. However, I get to meet so many interesting people and their pets. The staff is absolutely hands down the BEST! I mean, they literally go above and beyond.  Our kitten had an accident in her carrier and Jason, who is one of the techs, took it back and cleaned it and her off for me.  The prices are great, too!  They aren't

1 30 The only place I'll buy my pet supplies from!  I'm always more than happy to buy from local places, but this one has the most friendly, laid-back employees I've ever seen.  They're not even more expensive!

1 30 I have been taking my dogs here for over 5 years and have always been pleased. They are affordable and very down to earth. What I love the most about this vet is that they never try to upsell you on things you don't need. They are also open on Sat and Sun which is very convenient.   We recently got a new puppy and discovered Arrow Animal Hospital puppy program. This included all 4 puppy visits with vaccinations and dewormer for around $200 total. You won't find this price anywhere else! 

1 31 First off the people who work here are some of the most genuine I've ever met. Each time my puppy (Ollie) and I are there we are always greeted. The employees make it so welcoming for you! They are well informed with their product as well. We have been very picky on the food we feed Ollie and they have given us the best of the best! Their rewards program is wonderful as well. We usually earn a $4.00 credit each time we are there. Prices are also incredibly cheap compared to big chain pet stores. They also have an online store with a bigger selection so be sure to check that out as well!!

1 32 This is a really fantastic place to find great prices on everything you would need for mans best friend!    It's a great location right next to home goods in the Lowes shopping center.   Their prices are as low as Amazon and it's nice to shop their extensive selection of food, treats, and toys. I have found some really great toys to keep my dog mentally active when he was recovering from surgery back in January!   Make sure to sign up for their loyalty rewards program and you can bring your dog in anytime and they will take a picture and add him/her to the picture wall of adorable dogs in the store!

1 33 We take our fur baby here every month to get her nails clipped. Then once every couple of months for the self wash. We also get CBD oil for her anxiety and no hide Salmon bones. The staff is....above and beyond. They are so welcoming and friendly. Cesar is our guy, he knows our dog and always looks out for her. We just went for a nail trim and he knows our girl gets freaked out, he left the front desk to hold her while she got her nails clipped The owner is very present and involved, this place is very reasonably priced, super clean and we love it. If you need a place for a bath, grooming, special diet or any accessories,  support this local business. They will do right by you and your fur family.

1 34 No frills store but a great place to find a wide variety of toys and treats for your dog at really discounted prices. I wish they carried a larger selection of premium dog foods (what they have is fairly limited) but if you're looking for toys and dog snacks then this is the place to go.

1 32 I've used Island Pet for years & they have been outstanding in caring for 4 cats I've had. They truly care about animals;  even the vets give kisses and play with them  showing tenderness when they are healthy & tremendous compassion when all avenues have been exhausted and the most humane thing possible is to hold your little one while they are put down. The staff is very accommodating, understanding, even sending sympathy cards signed by everyone if you experience a loss.  In the case of one cat they had been treating for a while who took a turn for the worse over a weekend and had to go to Emergency Vet, Dr Goldman called & expressed his sympathy and how much everyone enjoyed treating Ophelia.    They offer alternative treatments such as chiropractic, advanced nutrition options and wholistic approach to treating each patient. I have never felt price gouged here, quite the contrary, there have been numerous occasions when each vet has said testing, expensive procedures etc were unnec 

1 35 This place is right down the street from my house. They have a reasonable prices and always does a great job on grooming my pet along with great toys and food !!

1 36 Remembering that we needed some dog supplies that I normally get at one of the big stores, I passed this outlet by and drove right back to check it out. they have a very large selection of toys, food and other supplies your dog needs. They didn't have the pet food I normally by but they have plenty of similar options. My dog doesn't have any restrictions and definitely isn't picky so I will slowly make the change. The prices are also more affordable and they have a rewards card for their shoppers. If you have a dog, give these guys a shot, it's a pretty cool store.

1 37 My fiancée has been shopping for her little pooch here for some time now, and she really appreciates the friendly staff, the reasonable prices, and the fact that it's a family-owned store.  Support a local business and get your pet stuff here.

1 38 Stopped by to pick up some toys for my pup.   I was pretty impressed with this store. They pretty much had anything and everything for a pretty reasonable price. I feed Orijen for my puppy and was pleasantly surprised that they carry it AND for a good price! Most places don't even carry Orijen or if they do, it is way overpriced.   I will be back to stock up on additional toys once my pup destroys everything I bought her on this visit. 

1 38 Probably can not add much, but this place was fast, caring and reasonable in terms of price. Like the no appt. policy... arrived here at 9:30 and was out by 10 or so. Only problem is puppy Maki has a hernia. Vet will monitor her along with the wife and I. Thanks to the yelper below that noted they open earlier than 10... that was definitely the case on the day we visited.

1 39 Would rate then higher if I could give a bonus star.   Great prices, amazing selection, and top notch customer service!   This place is a dog lovers dream!

1 40 I take both my cat & dog here. You cant beat the prices for urgent or well check ups. The staff and doctor really care about the animals!

1 41 Great place to get food, treats or supply's for your pet at a very reasonable price.  Also, very high end brands...  All natural selections too....  Right next to home goods and lowes...

1 43 If your dog looks overweight, don't bring it there. Doc doesn't like operating on dogs who seem overweight. Other than that they do the simple shots for a good price.

1 44 This place is amazing! Love how it is a small family owned operation. They always keep note of how I like my dog's hair groomed and of any specific request and try there best to satisfy me and my dogs needs. My dog gets very loud and crazy around other dogs but as soon as she walks into bevs she is so calm and doesn't even bark. Before bevs I would try at home hair cuts for my fur baby but she would fuss and put up a fight. I was so surprised when I fist took her there and they told me she was such a good girl. My dog looked so cute completely different I was amazed I never thought she could look so good. The prices here are very affordable and well worth it, if asked bows even come with the grooming. My dog walks out of here so happy and always proud of here new hair cut. Plus I get lots of compliments on her and love the attention we get. For this place it's also quality not quantity. So they don't take a lot of dogs in at once and have to rush to finish all of them like most groomer

1 45 I have to give this groomer 5 stars.  They were very nice to take my husky last minute with no appointment because they took 3 hours with him ! Other groomers only took 2 and I noticed it wasn't nearly up to the standards of groomer has it .  The prices are much better than all the other groomers too ! My dog came back to me happy, smelled amazing and looked amazing . They also desheded him and I'm noticing his shedding came down! Will be back and always will go here

1 46 Based on the yelp reviews i came here since its not far from home. I called in that morning and was able to book an appt. I brought coco around and 10? & picked him up at 4ish. His grooming was done well. Ill be bringing my babies here. Prices are affordable.

1 47 Just got a new puppy & a friend told Me about this place, well big "mistake" lol.  I'm here at least once a week. Prices are great compared to other stores. James is usually working when I come in & is always helpful & super friendly.  Just wish they were open till 8 instead of 7, but they are open on the weekends!

1 48 I am really impressed with this store! I avoided this place for a while because I thought everything would be (Biltmore) overpriced, it's not!  They have a great selection of things for a fairly small store. I loved the toys, they are the same price (if not cheaper) than the big department stores, and they're clever! I bought a ball stuffed with little balls (only a few with squeakers) that can be pulled out through a slit on the side. My dog LOVES it, it's like she gets to tear the stuffing out over and over, genius and only $15! They had these cute small rope toys for under $10, one was a penguin! They would probably make great gifts to pet lovers. Lots of different foods and treats for cats/dogs and birds. I think they even had larger animal feed, but I could be wrong.  The owner/cashier was really friendly and gave us some free local chicken jerky treats for our dog. I found the same pet food I buy at Petco for a $3 difference $57 vs $60. I don't mind paying a little extra to suppo

1 49 Love this place!  Adopted one of our fury babies from here last year. I take both my kitties here for annual shots/vet related emergencies. Nice friendly staff! Prices aren't bad. Parking can be crappy sometimes but I love coming here.

1 50 We've been to this groomer a couple of times now and we wouldn't take our pets anywhere else!  They are very professional, always able to take our pets at a moments notice and our pets always come out looking great.  They are friendly, reliable and fairly priced.

1 46 I live a good 30 minutes from this store, but make a point of shopping here. Not only are the products top rate, but their staff is knowledgeable and their prices great.  Last weekend I wasn't able to get into Noble Beast so stopped at a pet store in North Phoenix (off 67th Ave and the 101) and was fleeced on food. Same items at this store cost me $20 more than at Noble Beast.  I also like the Wag N Wash, but unless you can catch one of the brothers, their staff changes too often. Noble Beast is consistently good. I trust the people who work there and they appreciate their customers.   You aren't a number or a walking wallet to this store. 


 ###### Service  negative ######
0 2 Update: Found the time to take the dog to the vet myself (instead of sending others). The office was clean, new, and well lit. Everyone was really nice. I feel confident he is getting the highest quality of care and would not hesitate to recommend this clinic to others.    6/26/2012 :The receptionist---who answers the phones, books the appointments, and makes the reminder calls--was kind and a good listener. I found him efficient and polite. My sister reports that although our dog liked the vet, my sister found her condescending and brusque. My sister is refusing to go back there. However, since my dog liked the vet, I will just keep sending him there and have my husband take him.

1 3 I have a mixed feeling about this place... but ultimately decided to give this place 1 star. And here is the reason why... We recently moved to Mountain's Edge and were in search of a new groomer for our 2 dogs (Dachshund terrier and Poodle mix). We saw the reviews for this place were good so decided to give it a try. They called us back in the expected time frame (about 5 hours). The dogs seemed fine and groomed. They did miss a couple of areas for our Dachshund (they missed his left ear and chest), but we didn't have any major complaints so we decided to take them again a few months later. The next time we went, it was my sister who paid and picked-up the dogs. When she was paying the tip for the groomer, the check-out girl saw the amount of tip and gave my sister a nasty look and asked if that was all the tip she was giving the groomer. My sister thought $30 for 2 small dogs for a simple hair and nail trims were enough (I have to mention that they are both well behaved dogs, and we 

1 4 I'm happy that Nevada has a no-kill shelter option, but when you're dropping an animal off, the staff is not very nice at all.  One evening I heard the sounds of kittens mewling LOUDLY outside my apartment building. I went to check it out and found three very tiny kittens huddled together under the stairs. They were way too fast and it was way too dark (I was using my cell phone as a flash light) to catch, so I left water and softened food out for them. The next day it was all gone.  Fast forward a few weeks, I'm outside my apartment with friends and I spot the kittens huddled together outside a patio of the building across from me. There were three and we successfully caught two, a white one and an orange tabby. They were crying like crazy, but no other cat (or human) came out to inspect what was going on, so we figured they were abandoned.  I took them to my place, put them in my cat's pet carrier with towels, a warm bottle, some water and softened food. They ate the food like they'd

0 2 Last night, I had to rush my baby girl to the hospital. I notice that she was not moving from her bed and when she came into my room, she puked and pooped everywhere. This is not like her, so I knew right away that she was sick and in pain. Hospital closed at 10pm, it was already 9 so I called to make sure they would still be able to see her. We arrived around 9:10 and immediately was escorted into a room. A nurse came in to take information from me and five minutes later the doctor came. He explained all the possibilities she could have and what the options we had. We decided to do some fluids under the skin, a shot for her vomiting and some meds to go. Over all the nurses and doctor were super nice. This is not my pups Veterinarian but I fell in love and I can definitely recommend it to others who have furry babies. I only paid around $150 so not bad at all. 

0 25 I adopted a little dog from this shelter. I was not planing on getting one, but there she was. The staff was very helpfull, the guy who was helping me seemed more concerened about the welfare of the dog and if the dog would fit in mine and my bfs lifestyle.  This is a big place and sometimes its harder to find staff to help you but they seem understaffed with volunteers so I was not mad. 

1 7 I have two tanks - a 5 gallon tank for a beta and a 20 gallon tank for two goldfish.   When I moved to this side of town, I noticed that my goldfish had lost a substantial amount of scales. I waited a few weeks to make sure it wasn't a growth spurt, fighting or injury during transportation that they lost their scales. I was worried that it could possibly be a bacterial infection and headed over here for some medicine and a background for their tank.  I asked one of the sales people to point me in the direction of the medicine. Instead I got a lecture about how I should totally just wait it out because their tanks have tons of scales from their fish at times. Here's the thing. I don't have 300 small fish in a 15-20 gallon tank that are susceptible to overcrowding, fighting and damage from fish constantly being scooped out. I have two 6 inch goldfish in a proper sized tank that they never leave. My situation is different. I never was shown where the medicine was.  I also wanted a tropica

1 8 For a Petsmart in the "ghetto" area of town, this place isn't to shabby.    I brought my doggie here to get her set up with their pet plan insurance.  They were super busy and I waited for like an hour (even with an appointment), but I think their was a dog not doing to good and all the vets were in surgery.  Which is fine, cause I'm patient and I feel for the owners.  This was my dog's first experience at the vet.  She didn't enjoy getting probed but as long as she could see me, she was fine and held still.  :)  Awww, my baby girl.    The store itself could be a little more clean, and the customer service people could use some pep in their step, but they are friendly and nice. 

0 36 I felt I had to update my previous review. The staff took great care of our little boxer Lucy while we were in Cali from Monday evening until Thursday evening. I called twice a day, every day while she was in boarding and they gave me her thorough status (eating, drinking, pooping etc) I am very grateful and trust this establishment implicitly!!  thank you guys!! 

0 37 We have a Wheaten Terrier and for anyone that shares in this happiness, you also share our pain of high grooming standards for this noble beast.   After a pretty snotty interaction at Smelly Dog, we brought our lovely little man down the street to Michael at Wag N Wash (actually, Michael caught us trying to do this on our own and suggested we needed professional help for this breed and so we caved and now have Saturday afternoons to reclaim).    After almost a year of regular service with Michael and his superb cutting skills, our dog now makes more friends than us in public. 

1 9 Arrow Animal Hospital is not my favorite place in the universe, but Ive been visiting these guys since I was in high-school whenever I had an issue with one of my animals and have never been displeased. They have a clean facility and wonderful doctors. The day after Christmas, I woke up to a depressed lethargic dog, so I rushed her over to Arrow.   They diagnosed her with Parvo, which is a terrible terrible disease spread by other infected dogs and is virtually impossible to kill or cure. There are treatments however, to which the doctors promptly got started on. I was really nervous as I watched her give my puppy an IV drip along with 5 other injections, mostly because I was going to be sent home with all these things that I was going to have to administer myself twice a day. I asked about 200 questions and the Dr. was so nice and helpful and very informative. She gave me an after hours number to call if I felt uneasy or had anymore Q's as well.   The next day, she called me first thi

1 10 This place is a joke! I scheduled an appointment to have my dog groomed, 20 minutes before his appointment they called me and said "Ummm the groomer is running late." I am an understanding person so I understand and asked how late so that I can reschedule. They said "Well, he may be here anytime from now (noon) until 7 pm. We just dont know when our groomer is going to be here." How unprofessional! How can I reschedule if the business does not even know when their employees will be available? How inconsiderate of them of their customer's time. Also, when I went in to make an appointment, the blonde receptionist with a huge tattoo on her left arm was bad mouthing a lady that had just left calling the customer "crazy" and "mean."  Super unprofessional. I brushed it off and as I was filling out my paperwork, she brought it up AGAIN. This is an extremely poorly run business that defines the word "unprofessional."  I thought I would try out the "new local business" and I regret I wasted my 

1 11 My 100th review is for none other than the Nevada NSPCA! In May, I decided that I wanted to foster two kittens, but the strange part is that when I walked in and asked if they had any kittens available to foster, though they kindly said yes, they didn't even ask me who I was, even though I filled out an application two weeks prior. They gave me two cute sibling kittens, maybe about five weeks old at best. They didn't tell us where they found them, but I think they were most likely abandoned. Before we left, they gave us a giant thing of wet food and eye medicine since they were possibly born with an eye infection that is now long gone. Now two months later, I am deciding that I want to adopt them after they get fixed. They are just too cute to surrender to another home!

0 40 Dr. Ruiz is kind and caring with all the dogs I've brought here over the years. Her staff has always been friendly and kind to the many, many different dogs I've owned. Those people that have written poor reviews had experiences there that are unimaginable to me and probably many of her other clients.     I've owned seven different dogs over the years, most at the same time as others. Her costs were fantastically reasonable when a couple of the dogs became extremely ill, or developed chronic illnesses. She encouraged me to view X-rays to follow along with the progression of the severe arthritis, while providing me with suggestions for alternative exercises, diet changes, supplements, and medications to help reduce the pain in my dogs.     Dr. Ruiz, over many years, provide me with information and suggestions to help me improve my dogs health while avoiding procedures that could be otherwise dangerous to my dogs well-being.     It would behoove anyone that reads the Yelp reviews to go a 

1 12 I write this review after putting my dog down a week ago today. I gave it time but feel obligated to post. This is a beautiful designed clinic, very clean. My regular vet was closed when my dog decided it was time to depart. I called around and chose this place since it had high reviews on Yelp and even though not cheap for a Sunday afternoon, was more affordable than other places. It was my first time here. Upon arrival, the receptionist put us immediately into a room so we didn't have to sit in waiting room which was nice. I filled out paperwork and paid the fee's. immediately after paying, a vet tech came in to sedate my dog while I was signing the credit card machine. Can you imagine signing when your dogs eyes roll back when holding in your arms? Then a few minutes later, the vet came in to administer final drug. I barely even caught her name and she left room. I'm a nurse with a masters degree and would have expected to see the vet first before any drugs were administered to expl

0 44 Just left after purchasing a bearded dragon and a teddy bear hamster ! Let's just say Mina is the one to go to, she was very very helpful on top of being super busy. She took her time to explain everything we needed to know and answer all or questions. When it came time to paying I forgot to use my coupons and the guy @ register was very helpful and applied all my coupons ! We will def be here more often for our pet supplies. Family is super happy. 

1 13 I dog just love taking a vacation at Pete and Mac's.  When we took here for his last stay, he was so excited, he did not even say goodbye to me.

1 14 Brought my schnoodle in recently for grooming. After explaining how we preferred her hair to be cut and specifically asking them not to cut her face or beard, the groomer totally disregarded our request and trimmed her beard and entire face. When we picked her up we felt rushed out the door. We also found a few cuts on her body. We will not return and I will also be taking my business elsewhere for food and treats.

1 15 It is hard to find and the outside is not well lite.  The carts are all outside in the parking lot nothing in the store.

1 16 The idea of paying for a self-wash seemed a little silly, but after trying it at home and making a big mess -- only to end up with the dog outside in the mud within minutes after the bathing, and leaving them so moist that a funky smell develops as they dry -- it became an obvious and worthwhile choice.  My first experience with self-wash, at a nearby competitor, was horrible, but my time at Wag&Wash was so much better.  The facility here is clean and fairly spacious.  The stainless steel tubs are sturdy, and the spray equipment and drains all worked well.  They had a rubber brush to use on the dog's fur while sudsing and washcloths available for cleaning ears, etc.  I did have a little trouble with the suction-cup-leash that was supposed to hold my 70 lb dog secured to the front side of the tub.   It didn't.   A wet dog jumping over the edge of a slippery wet stainless steel tub that's elevated several feet over a slippery wet tile floor is not a healthy combination for the poor dog, 

0 46 I'm not a fan of the Vet's only because I always have to take a jar of Vaseline.  Staff is very understanding, compassionate and friendly.  My dog got into a small altercation with another dog and received a wound on the tip of her ear. 8hrs later the wound wouldn't stop.   The good thing about this place is they are ALWAYS open. I showed up at 4am and by 6am I was out.  I'm really glad I live near you guys. Thanks and keep up the good work. 

1 18 Very disappointed.  I sent in an inquiry via email and they never responded.  Then I called and left a message - they also never returned my call.  I don't get it --- how can they have good reviews with such terrible communication skills/methods?

1 19 I'm actually shocked by the lack of professionalism and horrible customer service I have received from the grooming salon on multiple occasions. The store is great, the employees are helpful, the vet is absolutely amazing, but the grooming salon is a complete disaster in my opinion. This is now the second time we've had problems with the groomers so I'll go into a little detail for both.  First time: booked an appt for my 2 puppies a week ahead of time. Went in, dropped my dogs off and was told to pick them up in about 5 hours cause they were very booked. I came and picked them up 5.5 hours later and was told one of my dogs hadn't been trimmed yet and it would just be a few minutes. So they put him on the table to start grooming and in walks a woman with her dog wanting a walk-In service (nail trim). The groomer says to me, "we will take care of your dog after we take care of this nail trim." I said "well we had an appointment almost 6 hours ago so no I don't think that we should have 

1 20 let it be known:  i often appreciate animals more than humans.  i mean, they're often cuter.  they're often kinder.  and they need help.  so i took our  little kitty kitty meow meow to the vet to get her checked out, since she's been chillin on our front porch, in our stairwell, and sometimes sneaks in my house.  she doesn't leave.  so i thought why not help her out, cuz she's adorable and needs a home.  this is the vet i went to.  what a great place.  everyone was so nice.  overly nice.  make new friends nice.  and they go over and beyond to make sure the animals are taken care of.  the hospital works a little differently than places you may have taken your pet to.  there are no previously made appointments, like justin said.  so i just put kitty kitty meow meow (yes, that's what her name is) in a cage and took her up one night to get her checked out.  the vet was thorough, kind, attentive, and accomodating.  a bit weird to be in one big room while they get checked out, but the cat di

0 6 Our beagle came in one night with a big gash in his paw and was pretty deep. We didn't want it to get infected or for him to be in pain. This was one of the hospitals that was open early enough to where we could take him before work. They got him in and let us know his paw was deep and needed stitched which we expected. They kept him most of the day and I was able to pick him up after I was off work. they wait was a bit long and it was very expensive $550 for only 5 stitches but overall everyone was very nice and my pup seemed to be in good hands. Thank you for helping him recover.

1 21 I cannot believe I haven't reviewed this place yet!!! They are an awesome groomer.   I have only used their grooming services and I've never done a dog wash but the groomers here are fantastic.   I used to take my dog over to this awful place in Henderson that had great reviews but the place was awful and kept my sweet puppy for at least 4 hours each time! Wth.   Barking dogs understands that dogs get stressed out in this kind of environment and only keeps them for as long as it takes for the groom which for my yorkie/schnauzer mix takes about 1 hour 20.   He always comes out looking exactly how I want him to!

1 22 My long haired cat was getting a little stinky ifyouknowwhatImean .. and I knew all the groomers would be busy on a Saturday but it wasn't anything I could take care of by myself so I *had* to call around and beg. I think the lady I spoke with said her name was "Cara" but I'm not positive abt that. She was very nice though and accommodated us. She said she only had one feline groomer but that if all I needed was a quick sanitary/hygiene clip, they could fit her in. The groomer took her right back and I didn't even have time to turn on my phone before she was bringing her out again. Smelling much better! I will go back when I have time to get my cat the full service detail.

0 23 The salon I used to go to get my chihuahua's nail trimmed closed down. I was afraid to bring him to a new salon because he's a very nervous and yappy dog. I highly recommend the groomer here because they're so nice and they handled my crazy chihuahua well. Thank you so much!! I will be going here regularly

1 24 I have bumped this review down to one star as I finally got a call from the manager, weeks after the debacle in which I picked up my dog with a bag full of his belongings and toys soaked in what smelled like a mix of urine and bleach from a mop bucket.  She saw that i had called in to inquire and offered up a free day of boarding, not a night, a day.  I laughed and hung up.  They obviously don't care about customer retention and correcting careless mistakes.  Take your dog elsewhere, this place is a joke.

1 25 The phrase, "Don't hate the player, hate the game" is so appropriate for this place.  I didn't know how I'd feel about going into a walk-in animal clinic (the game) that doesn't accept appointments.  After all, I took my cats to the Ritz Carlton of animal clinics in Chicago that delivered amazing care and service (and I have the bills to prove it...gulp).  Anyway, I arrived at Gateway at 10:07am (they open at 10am).  I was 28th in line.  Yep, #28.  Out of those 28 pets in line only 3 were cats.  Why do cats get the shaft?  Anyway, the facility is old and run down a bit (that's why they are expanding down the road into a new facility).  They took us back into an "exam area" that had 3 tables.  No private rooms here.  All out in the open.  Not a fan of that.  We ended up with Dr. Bob Litkovitz (the player).  He was very thorough and the vet tech was very good with my cat.  I have to give him two thumbs up because when he said he would call me to give me the blood test results and follow 

1 26 Just got back from vaccinating and micro chipping my dogs. I usually make the trip out to the Humane Society but I searched for something closer this time and figured I'd give this clinic a try.   I got in at 6:20am with three pets in front of me, and was out by 6:40am; with my TWO dogs fully vaccinated and microchipped. I felt awful because I forgot their collars in my other car, but the staff was super patient with me.  From receptionist, to vet techs, to veterinarian...everyone was very gentle & loving with my pups, friendly, knowledgable, and helpful. Much friendlier than I'd be if I were dealing with the public at 6am.   2 dogs fully vaccinated and microchipped for $142?? You can bet I'll be back for my dogs' dental cleanings, not to mention all their vaccinations. I'll definitely be recommending this to everyone at the dog park & all the other fur-parents I know!   Thank you millions!!!

1 27 On Easter weekend, we called Animal Inn regarding their rates.  They informed about their price but failed to tell us about an additional rate being that it's Easter.  They did however, remember to tell us that they close early on Easter Day.  We brought our Tibetan Spaniel there and she absolutely did not want to go in.  The workers are not friendly and/or accomodating at all.  Terrible service all the way around.  We asked them why they couldn't tell us that there were extra fees over the phone when we called and they just said "well that's how it is".   We would be happy to pay the extra money, but not when they intentionally fail to tell us to accomodate their business.    Upon picking our dog up, no one greeted me as I entered the door, so I stood there waiting as they were all staring at me, until someone had the descency to acknowledge a customer.  They were rude, very unfriendly, and did not seem to care about the animals.    Our dog seemed a little traumatized after we brought

1 28 Still 5 stars - this one goes out to Sue their groomer!  Can I tell you she's AMAZING???!!!  About 6 weeks ago we needed to get our dogs groomed by her again.  They have been to her several times.  But unfortunately, we did not plan ahead & had to be placed on her cancel list.  Which happened to be Super Bowl weekend here in AZ. My hopes were high for a cancellation. Do I get a call & no more than minutes later I returned the missed call & that opening was already booked.  So I sadly shared with the gal that I would have to take them somewhere else as my little girl Maltese gets ear infections if we don't have her ear hairs trimmed frequently.  It was not meant as a threat or desire to switch groomers, but I can't have my little princess dealing with ear infections at my neglect of properly booking her grooming Appt.  Not 10 minutes later, we get a call from Sue stating "you are not taking my babies anywhere else!"  We were able to get squeezed in & we now book their grooming Appts eve

1 29 Saturday, while setting up for an Easter brunch, I discovered a bird with a broken wing trying desperately to get out of my backyard.   A call to the humane society rescue hotline (they only do dogs and cats and the like) got me redirected to Liberty Wildlife Rehabilitation Foundation: a voicemail answered by volunteers whose outgoing message promises to call back as soon as possible, typically within 30 minutes.   I left a message and then anxiously called back a few hours later after not getting a response. The second call was quickly returned and I was informed that while they do not typically send out rescue volunteers for smaller birds (only the big guys like owls, etc.), if I could capture and transport the bird to their sanctuary, someone would be there until 7 p.m. to accept him and begin to nurse him back to health -- even on Easter Sunday.  The little guy was speedy! Together, a few of my Easter guests and I were able to corner him and get him in a box for transport to Libert

1 30 I like PetCo, but the staff was very unfriendly at this location. I won't be back to this store. Metro Center is much better!

1 31 Uodate: our dog had a cyst about 1" around and Marilyn never said a word to us.  We thought she caused it because it wasn't mentioned but it was a clogged hair folicle...the vet Lance and stitched it.  Thing is she shaved tight over it and didn't notice??  Not a word to us.  They also don't check vaccination records ...maybe over a year ago first time, can't recall...but not since.   With this new flu strain and lv having so many pets from all over..that raised another red flag.

1 32 The Employees at this location are so awkward. The older lady with the short hair seems to be the only one working there who actually likes pets. Very knowledgeable and friendly. Even the security is more friendly then the staff. This location is terrible. When in to take a picture with my dog and santa and the kid was so weird and not in the spirit made the experience so lame and awkward.

1 33 They supposedly open at 8am yet it is now 0830 on a monday and no one answers any of their phone numbers that we have tried to call. There was no voicemail set up with a message nor was there any information posted on their website advising they would be closed! Absolutely terrible communication. We get emails about pet food/toy recalls from them, yet they could not send out an email advising they were going to be closed. Very disappointing as we used to go here consistently over the last 5yrs. Now we had to switch to a new vet.

0 34 We came during the summer.  Several tables had 20 year olds drinking beer.  That should have been the hint that just desserts is about their liquor license and NOT the desserts!!  We came for dessert one night around 8pm.   My sister had the apple pie and I had the carrot cake.  There was green fuzzy mould nestled nicely on the apple pie.  Do you know how long it takes to grow mould on pie??!?!!  They took it away but did NOT remove the remainder of the pie from the display case!!!  Carrot Cake was okay.  Service was okay,  Won't be back..

0 12 The time had come to take Sampson, our cockapoo puppy, to the groomers.  His curly tri-colored hair was getting long and unruly, so I of course Yelp'ed a place nearby to take care of his grooming needs.  Cue "Barking Dogs".  This place had great reviews and for good reason!  I'm not sure how much other groomers cost, but they gave me the estimate of starting at $45 for our puppy (I guess the price is mainly based on breed and intensity of the service).  Since it was his first time at the groomer, they warned us that they may not be able to complete a lot of services  (mainly the haircut) since they need him to get used to the interactions.  Lil Sampson must've done good because when we went to pick him up, they did everything to him, including adding a festive holiday bandana around his neck.  "Everything" included: wash, blow-dry, haircut, nail trim, ear cleaning, and his anal glands expressed.  That's definitely a full-service wash and all that for $45!  To me that was very reasonabl 

1 35 There used to be a time when Just Desserts was just the place to get your cake on. It was basically a nicer Futures minus the line ups and back packs but with table service and a more mature clientele. On my most recent visit however, I found that despite there still being the same big selection of tooth rottingly sweet cake there, that it just isn't the same anymore.  First of all, the completely darkened room was a little too dark for us. Other than from the candles (which were lit as each table was sat) and the gigantic neon sign on the wall, there were few other sources of light. Perhaps this is meant to be romantic, but isn't that what the chocolate's for?  The three cuddling couples scattered around us actually seemed to enjoy the mood lighting quite a bit - that, or they had all fallen asleep. I couldn't tell. Surely, we were not the only ones who found the outbursts of the pool players on the little elevated lounge more than a little bit distracting?  I have never found the ser

1 36 Dexter just graduated from puppy school today.  We've been going for 8 weeks and Lauren, the trainer, was awesome!  Even when Dexter piddled, she didn't get pissed.  Of course, he was the most adorable puppy in class...Ok, most of the time he was the ONLY one in class, but, still... The first few weeks, we were given bags of treats to take home and use for homework.  Yes, homework.  After each class, I was given a hand-out of that week's class to use at home. The class cost $109 for 8 weeks and was sooooo worth it!  Not only do I have THE most adorable puppy in the entire universe, but he's also the smartest.  He's a store favorite.  All the employees learned his name!  Of course, he's a lot like Mommy and went up to anyone looking for some lovin'.  Er...*I* don't do that, but you know what I mean. I've heard about other PetSmart's training classes.  This one didn't live up to the horror stories! He'll be going for intermediate classes in the fall.  I guess that's like Middle School.  

0 38 Ok seriously disappointed by this place. The service was alright, their cakes: old and disgusting. It gets 2 stars because of the patio and location, but I would never go back

1 39 Took my 7 month old papillon in for her first grooming here. Told the young lady it was her first time and how long would she be here she replied maybe 2 hrs. So I dropped her off and called a few hours later to check on her and the groomer replied with there was a issue and that she peed on herself when she tried trimming her nails. Initially I thought she meant she got cut or something the way she made it sound. So when I get there to pick her up she is completely debated and terrified scared.  My poor baby was so scared. Not sure what really happened, but for her to be like that when I picked her up i question it. Especially when she's normally happy and excited.  I've since took her to another groomer at her vet and a completely different experience when I picked her up. So I question the experience of the workers here and how they do grooming with a puppy that's never had it done. Definitely won't be taking her back here nor would I recommend taking a puppy or dog never groomed he

1 40 GET IT TOGETHER CUSTOMER SERVICE. All I needed was for someone to open the glass case so I could buy a spray bottle for my dog. Why was I told "hold on it will just be a minute" by a worker AND the manager... w no one to return or assist me at all and I actually waited for 30 minutes... not only was I pissed but there were only two workers and everyone is getting off of work.. there were super long lines!!! Inconsiderate. Not enough staff. I'll just wait and order online so I won't have have to come back here

1 41 Transferred in from Ohio where we got excellent service. Picked the Banfield on 24th street and baseline because of close proximity to my home however that proved to be a mistake.   I requested my dogs nail be clipped, who better to do it then the vet?  When I scheduled his check up I stated I wanted his nails clipped.   When I received appointment confirmation call I again said I wanted his nails clipped.   When I dropped him off I filled out a piece of paper and wrote to clip his nails and told the receptionist.  Was called to pick him up and when I got there I didn't see on his paperwork if his nails were clipped. I asked, I was told "oh I'm not sure". What????  Terrible service. Turns out they didn't clip his nails. I'll be transferring to another vet.

1 42 I found Dog Days here on Yelp and wanted to try them out because that are close to my house.  After being put on hold 3 times I was finally able to get some more info about becoming a new customer. I was told the groomer would only be there until 2pm (business hours are listed 6am to 7pm)  I'm not sure why, but in all the years I've had my dog groomed at many different spots in Las Vegas, I've never been asked "what vet do you go to?" and "we need documentation that rabies shots are up to date in order to do any grooming".   Really Dog Days?  I called Bone Appetit in the same neighborhood and they scheduled me right away. I asked if I needed to bring any vet documentation and was told "no, not at all".

0 17 It's an overfilled shelter trying to do the best they can with what resources they have. We just adopted our third pet, a 10 year old Chihuahua that they had just picked up from a kill shelter. Sweetest little guy!  My wife and I are major animal lovers and help out when and with what we can. I recommend checking out their wish list on Amazon or donating funds if you don't have the time to volunteer. They are understaffed and severely overcrowded. Especially in the cats area.   I understand the frustration of the staff when people are trying to bring their animals in. Having dealt with this myself, there are many instances where people did not think it through when getting a pet. This is a commitment to care for another life. We have run through a number of medical issues with our animals but would not give them up because they are part of the family...  If you are looking for a pet please adopt and don't go to a pet store or breeder. There are too many animals living in shelters.

1 43 This is the 2nd time I took my dog and his ears were not cleaned.  I figured the 1st time maybe it was forgotten.  When dropping my pup off I specifically told them to make sure his ears were cleaned because he's getting over an ear infection.  Sucks cause I've been taking my pup here for a couple of years. Now I wish they would bring Darcy back his original groomer.

1 44 We went here yesterday with our pup Chopper so he can have a sister maybe a brother? The previous night I saw a picture of a dog named pumpkin who looked exactly like him on the face! We met pumpkin and her and chopper played fetch together, my boyfriend did not want to leave without her and I was easily convinced since he used this as an early birthday excuse. We adopted pumpkin formerly named Nami. And for all the bad reviews about the donations and such they get A LOT of donations and they are very giving!!! We got a new bed, harness, collar, coupons, leash, sample foods and so much more! I saw a bad review on here about an employee taking donations from the towel thing for herself and that's only because they already have A LOT like it's overflowing that they let me take home whatever donations were there! This place is caring and the interview they have with you before adopting is very intense only because they want to make sure the baby will be going to the right Home. We've rena

1 45 January 27, 2017 I took my dog in to get neutered. It was crowded, it was right when the place opened, but I expected it to be busy so that wasn't a big deal to me. I get to the desk to start the check-in process and to fill out paperwork. The guy at the desk gave attitude about my dogs weight. We had called ahead of time before we were going to bring him in and the vet okay'd as our dog is over the weight limit. He was 1 day of turning 11 months and weighs 104lbs. Full breed Lab Retriever. So as I'm trying to fill out paper work with one hand and hold my dog near me with the other, I get the attitude again. "Mmm yes, if you could keep your dog next to you..." The room was filled with owners with their dogs, my dog LOVES other dogs. I'm not trying to let him drag me all over the waiting area. But I can see from your comfortable little seat how easy it is for you. Gotcha! The next 45minutes goes by, I'm waiting out front in the little courtyard area before I'm called in. The vet made me

0 20 My family has been using Arrow for many, many years and all of them love it. I've never had the need until recently when my new apartment demanded I declaw my cats. I called around to several places that were closer to home and then I tried Arrow. Arrow was much less expensive than anyone else and they were able to get me in for an appointment just a couple days later. I took the cats in and they carefully examined them and were very gentle in their handling of them. They explained the procedure, the cost, the recovery and billing and told me I could call anytime to check on them or with any questions I had after.   I can't say I was happy having to declaw my cats, it was a pretty horrible experience, maybe more for me than them since they don't seem to care at all now that they're healed up but I am very happy with how Arrow took care of them. Whenever I called after with questions, they were always very patient and understanding and if the person I spoke to didn't have an answer, the

1 46 My husband saw a picture on the SPCA's Facebook page of the most cutest puppy and texted me. We both fell in love. Within an hour of the post, I was there filling out paperwork for her (Heidi's) adoption. The staff was friendly and ready to answer questions. They also didn't hesitate to grill me either which was good to know they didn't just adopt out to just anyone. However, hence the 4 star, out of all the shots they gave our new puppy and out of all the questions they asked me about the pets at home, nothing was said or mentioned about canine influenza. We brought home our new pup, now family, on 9/19. Since then, starting Wednesday (9/24) both her and our mini eski have been sneezing, coughing, vomiting and have diarrhea. We brought Heidi to our family vet first, yesterday (9/28) and discovered she either has canine influenza or some kind of virus that requires a stool sample. Long story short, please adopt, by all means PLEASE do...but be prepared to have your new dog separated im

1 49 I just rescued my little kitty, Caper, from homelessness about 2 weeks ago. I spent that time looking into vets and places to get her checked out and nothing compared to Gateway, so I knew I had to go here.  The wait was a bit lengthy. I got there at 10:05am, just five minutes after they open and there were already 20 people waiting. But, it makes sense, because once we got called back, the doctor was congenial and Caper was cared for and handled perfectly.   A serious reason to try this place out: they don't try to sell anything unnecessary and even gave me a choice of whether I wanted her vaccinated immediately or not. Personally, I don't have the money to do everything at once, so they were honest and only did the essentials this time around. We'll definitely come back for other pet needs :)

1 50 We met Dr. Murphy in March 3016 and were extremely pleased with the care he provided to our beagle and chihuahua. He was thorough and explained everything clearly. We will continue to follow up with him. We have found our new vet!  May 2016.... Well my beagle got a splinter in his pad so we brought him here. We didn't see Dr. Murphy. The proposed treatment is over $800!! For a splinter!! The x-Ray alone is $197 plus a $150 "splinter evaluation" fee ... Really?? I will follow up again with Dr. Murphy. May need to seek another opinion ... So disappointed.

1 29 I've been here several times with a sick cat, and haven't been too impressed with the service. I don't like the 'open' format of the clinic - it can be stressful for scared pets, and the barking can be distracting when you're trying to have a conversation with your vet. I also caught several pretty significant mistakes that would have slipped by if I wasn't paying attention. They charged me for a test that wasn't ordered, and forgot to do several things at the clinic that I needed to remind them about. When I brought the issues to their attention, everything was remedied, but it didn't leave me with a very trusting feeling. All said, Gateway isn't a full-service animal hospital. Both the prices and service reflect that. 

0 31 Kathy is owner is the best. They sell Glacier Peak Holistic allergy test for dogs. Frustrated with my one year old Boston's allergies and willing to try this before $400 blood test through vet.....my baby is like a new dog within two weeks!!!!!!  I took the results to her and we changed his food she took all the time I needed to figure all new food and new treats. They have a food buyers club card, a self wash card club. I will never buy products from another dog store in the valley! 

0 45 I know I know. The rule of thumb is that cool people have dogs. Well, I'm pretty cool. But I am also just a me. And I also have a job. And I also volunteer. Which means I also don't have the time a dog deserves. So instead I have cat dogs. They may look like cats, but please don't let that fool you. I have dogs that use a litter box and that can jump fences. And that fetch. And that always want to play.   I also have cats that can find nearly nothing of interest in wag n' wash. Even though they mention having cat supplies. And even though there's a cat in the store. And even though my cats wag their tails.  Probably great for dogs. But not cats. 

1 47 We've user zen dig several times and Marilyn has been great but the last couple visits our dogs cut was a bit choppy and uneven.  I figure she's a bit fidgety and I can touch it up at home but the real problem was that she was saturated in fragrance either from shampoo or spray?  We asked them not to use any fragrance in the past but this time I forgot to mention it and we having allergies were highly impacted by the fragrance. So we had to bathe her and blow her our which was ridiculous after just paying to have it done.   Thought they wrote these things down??  Also because we wanted to drop her alwhwn she's ready to do her so as he doesn't sit wet in a cage, she told us it would cost more next time but we told her this from day one so to tell us it will cost more now was kind of offensive.   Don't know why the change if heart? 

0 50 This is my regular Petsmart - for now. In about 2 years one will be built near my house, but until then my cats needs will be taken care of primarily through this location.    I've visited several others that either seemed dirty and not customer friendly, or almost completely focused on dog stuff when compared to the cat department.  I'm not saying my kitty needs outfits or anything, but let's admit they like to play with more things than catnip, fabric mice and cardboard scratchy things, shall we?    Anyhow, it's a great location to either buy more for your current pet or pick up a new buddy in one of their many pets fairs. 


 ###### Service  positive ######
1 2 We were with our friends when they adopted a puppy and we were impressed! The employees were super helpful and walked them around to find what they would need. When we adopt, we will go here!

1 3 Today my boyfriend and I stopped by to buy some dog food. I usually just get a big bag of Pedigree at Walmart, but I decided to explore other options. As we were looking at the different bags, Wesley one of the employees, offered to help us. This guys has vast knowledge about all the dog food brands the store carries. I was really impressed, especially when he asked about my dogs in order to give the best recommendations on dogs food. Once we got our bag picked out, he also informed us about how to go through the process of changing out the dog food since Pedigree is all my dogs have ever eaten. When I asked how he learned so much about dog food he said he's been working at Wag N Wash for 5 years. To me this is a plus because you wouldn't go through the effort of learning so much for a job you don't enjoy. Also, this tell me he does like his job and he's willing to learn to help the customers.

1 5 This place is great. My mom's kitty is named Abbey Kitty. She is from the street Abbey that Gateway is on. She is a long haired kitty and her fur gets knotted up and dreadlocked. We get her grooming taken care of here. It reminded me of when I worked for the Cuyahoga County and had to take unpaid days off as a cost saving measure for their budget. Why you ask? Because we get her fur low (furlough). They really do take care of the animals here.

1 6 I have taken an injured rabbit and pigeon here and they are so very caring.  They are quick to call back when you have questions.  They have a nice, tranquil place in a neighborhood in North Scottsdale.  Intake is quick through a window.  You fill out some information and they take over care of the animal.  They rehabilitate and release back into the wild.  They gladly accept donations, which I was so happy to do since they were taking over the care of these sweet, injured creatures for me.  These folks are the best!

1 9 Unfortunately had to put our cat down recently. Dr. Tempera was very kind through the whole process as it's obviously a difficult decision. I appreciate the care and kindness they provided during such a hard time. We were provided more time with our baby and when were ready she was very empathetic during the process. It is greatly appreciated. Thank you Dr. Tempera.

1 11 We were new to the area and our dog was having some concerning issues which required medical care. We're so thankful that we found Arrow Animal Hospital and specifically, Dr. Sherrell. Dr. Sherrel really cared, he listened to what the issues were, gave our precious pup a thorough exam and gave us his professional opinion and suggestions. It's been six weeks and our pup has not had any of the symptoms since we followed Dr. Sherrell's advice. He is kind, approachable and truly cares about the animals that come to see him. Staff were just as wonderful, very kind and welcoming. An absolutely fantastic clinic!

1 12 I honestly love this place. I have been coming here for years and even after moving to southern highlands, I still drive here to take my pug. I use the self wash stations. They are super easy to use and there's no clean up necessary! I've tried other dog wash places but I always come back here. Thank you barking dogs for a continued awesome experience!

1 13 Overall:  I love this place! At first my dogs were so nervous, and with that came huge puddles of pee. However, the employees were kind about it and more importantly kind to my dogs!   Specials:  I will continue to bring my dogs on Tuesdays because of their $10 Tuesday special which is a $10 wash for any dog. I also had their nails cut which is $8. I was a little anxious about it, but they were very professional and my babies seemed very content.   Extra:  Also, check out their bakery which has the most amazing treats from just $1.   Stamp card included- and 10th stamp is a free wash!

1 14 Great selection and the staff is super friendly great place to get item for your furry friends.

1 15 5 incredible stars. Thank you so much Bobby and Zeneta for taking such wonderful care of our fur children, Mochi & Bailey. Simply amazed at the energy, professionalism and genuine care of all the pets you take in. If I could give them a bazillion stars, I would.   My dogs are my family. Both are rescues and are like kids to me. Mochi specifically was a therapy dog for me when I suffered from an arrhythmia; she was also my big sister Evelyn's therapy dog when she suffered from cancer and was also there when my sis took her last breath at the hospice. So needless to say, Mochi and Bailey rescued us and mean the absolute world to me and my family. I do not leave them with just ANYONE, especially since we've had horrible experiences at other pet boarding places.  The minute the co-habby called and spoke with Bobby, we were immediately reassured that we chose the right place! Bailey is special needs and Mochi has some personality issues when it comes to larger dogs and Bobby understood our 

1 16 Craig Road Animal Hospital has been our  health care provider and boarding facility since 2004.  We have always been treated well, politely, with warmth - more important I feel our pets have been given excellent care and love.   I have no hesitation in recommending this facility to any pet owner.

1 17 Zukey and I were in and out in probably 20 minutes.  We just came in for our annual shots and I'd read reviews that there were no reservations so you'll need to just wait in the waiting room.  I came by after work, we sat down and about as soon as that happened, we were seen.  I couldn't believe the speed!  For a quick in and out, the vet was thorough and gave me some good flea advice.  Overall - great trip and excellent facilities!

1 5 I love Gateway!! Dr. Bob is truly worthy of all the superlative compliments!! I also loved Dr. Abby, who was so sweet to my dog when he came down with kennel cough.  You can tell they truly care about all the animals that they treat.   Yes, the waiting room and wait times can be inconvenient - but I personally would rather wait here to see the great vets than have an appt at a clinic whose vets I didn't think so highly of.    I think part of it is that if you are there with a sick pet, the anxiety of the situation might make the wait time seem longer than it is. When I brought my cat in for what I though was kidney failure, I was in near hysterics by the time her name was called, because it seemed like hours (it was only 20 minutes). But when I bring my dog in for routine shots or when I picked him up after his neuter, the wait was 45 minutes to an hour and didnt seem as bad. 

1 18 I love this place !!! The owner and the other employees are so nice and genuine. I feel much more comfortable bringing my dog here than anywhere else in the area. I feel it is important to support local retailers. Give them a try, you will not be disappointed.

1 19 I truly love taking both of my dogs here.  They are always extremely nice and welcoming but above all else they take amazing care of the dogs and genuinely care about them.  The grooming is always on point and we've thrown some curve balls like asking for Snoopy to have a mohawk.  It was done exactly how we envisioned.  The best part is they have no issues keeping them the entire time they are open so my fiancé and I can get errands done or have something done in the apartment without figuring out what to do with the dogs...we just schedule both at the same time :-).  I don't want to go anywhere else!

1 20 We have been using Arrow Animal Hospital for over 20 years.  I'm not even sure how we found out about them, I think it was a referral from a friend.  We'd had some pretty poor experiences with other veterinarian offices (and veterinarians in general) over the years, and were looking for someone who at least knew what they were doing.  Arrow Animal Hospital has more than exceeded every expectation we could ever hope for in a vet office.  Their entire staff is knowledgeable, professional, friendly, caring, compassionate, responsive and genuinely care about and love the pets.  They are not just going through the motions, they live it day in and day out and have ALWAYS gone the extra mile to make sure our pets' needs (and ours) are met.  The doctors-led by Dr. Sherrell and Dr. Prater-are top notch and extremely competent and tell you what needs to be done as well as exploring all options.  I have never been pressured into making a decision on something, something I have experience at other

1 21 We feel very welcomed here. Our dogs are spoiled rotten with belly rubs and kisses by all the vets and vet assistants!   We purchased the "puppy packages" for both of our dogs which includes all there needed puppy vaccinations, nail clipping, and poop check for $100.  You can request a particular vet at each visit or get one a random. They are all so friendly it will be hard to choose!   Dr. Sherl has been our pick so far. One of our dogs had to be sterilized fairly young due to a possible cancerous testicle. Our pup came out of the vet office in top-top shape.  It is quite a drive for us, about 30 to 40 mins but worth the trip for us given the excellent care our dogs receive.  Another plus is the amount of options given to you as far as how much a procedure can costs and the integrity of stating what kind of care plan is recommended for your dog breed.   I am very happy with the care and cleanliness of the office and will continue to make that drive for our pets!

1 22 I've been having my dog groomed at barking Dogs for several years. Always treated like gold. Friendly, knowledgeable staff and great groomers.

1 23 This location is very close to the house, but, we have been going to Tropicana Animal Hospital for so many years that we felt guilty and returned to TAH. However, we learned that this clinic is owned by TAH. Awesome!   Craig Road Animal Hospital is a bit more upscale and it's not just the facility. The cute pets that come here look more affluent. lol. The staff here is very pleasant and professional. We would have loved the convenience of only driving a few blocks, but, we love our beat up TAH.  All in all, your fluffy family member is in great hands.

1 24 Madcat is the best!  Everyone who I have met there is incredibly knowledgable about your pet's respective needs!  And they are very good humored when it comes to putting up with puppies in there store.  I wouldn't go anywhere else in Madison :)

1 26 We love AZ Animal Wellness! All of the docs and techs here are amazing! They remember your pet & you, which is nice to not have to repeat your story time and time again. Every time we have taken our pup in, they always treat him with kindness & sensitivity. I wouldn't trust any other vet. If anyone is looking for a vet who will give great care & treatment options, look no further. They also have a great wellness program for your animal, which helps cut down some yearly costs.

1 6 Of all the free, or 'adopt' me kittens that I've had, I've never had to take them to the vet for any type of emergency.    But then there's Leia....My cat 'Leia' named like the princess she is, had to be taken in to the animal hospital on a Thursday just recently. She had been throwing up and not eating. We weren't sure what was wrong with her. My boyfriend called Common Wealth and they took her in the same day. She had x-rays, and the whole shabang.  We were very lucky to have Dr. Clayton C. Watkins working on Leia. She was diagnosed with variant of inflammatory bowel disease, which made her lymph nodes swell up. They gave her medication to reduce the swelling, tube fed her until she ate on her own, and kept a good eye on her. After we paid, they recommended and even had the food she now has to eat on hand. Everyone was very friendly and kind, and loved Leia. After worrying about her for days I finally got her back today (Monday) - She's so happy to be home, and we're happy that she's 

1 3 My dog needed a nail trim, cost $8 but they got 2 staff involved, one of them even got his face very near to my dog's mouth, very brave. I like people who take the initiative to get things done. Will definitely be back.  The dog bathing is a very good experience  After the wash the store has a hugh shopping section, very fun and cute place. 

1 27 SEE SPOT CLEAN - has moved to Bullard Ave, just south of I-10. Same great people, new location and same wonderful results!!  We totally recommend going to SEE SPOT CLEAN

1 28 I love the fact that this place is open late and on the weekends.I have only been here once and was pleasantly surpised.Nice clean place with knowledgeable doctors.

1 29 I love this Vet.  I've been several times w/ my kitties.  While I'm not a fan of the waiting area (seriously people, do you not know how to behave in an open area w/ mixed pets?!).  In my experience, Saturdays are harry carry around there, so be prepared for a wait.  In fact, a wait each and every time.    I have had 3 different vets on my many visits and I can't complain about a single one.  They always seem very happy to listen to me and to take special care and time with my critters.    I recommend this place for your pets.  Oh, and did I mention they are reasonable?

1 30 This is the only place I will ever leave my dog! I never traveled in the past because I was afraid to leave my dog with anyone. Friends recommended this place and I hAve been leaving my dog there for the past couple of years.  Fabulous care! Highly recommend.

1 31 Great customer service. My cat refused to eat the various petsmart wet food brands I tried out. She devoured the first can of raw food I brought home upon the store's recommendation.

1 32 My dogs stayed here for 3 weeks and they loved it!! On top of they let me install my WiFi pet camera, they made sure they sent me pictures of my dogs every day (like 10 pictures a day!). I once let one of my dogs stayed in Petsmart and had super terrible experience (Kennel cough, bugs and so and so), so I was ready to take my four dogs to a pet hotel in California if I didn't find this place. I'm so happy Vegas has such a nice pet hotel! I can finally relax and travel anywhere! Zaneta and Bobby (the owners) are sweethearts and they took care of my dogs like they were their own dogs (I know because I was constantly checking on them with the camera I installed... I know I'm a freak.) This is the only place I would let my dogs stay if I have to go somewhere. If you really love your pets, bring your pets here!!! I love you, Zaneta and Bobby and I will be back.

1 33 I love this vet!  I have 5 animals and they take very good care of us.  They are always flexible and very pleasant to deal with.  Dr. Tamara is who my babies see, and they love her, as do I.  I live less than 1 mile from a different practice, but I drive the 30 minutes into Charlotte to go to Commonwealth.    I won't take my furry family members anywhere else.

1 34 Kasey and val and Brianna so awesome n kind. Honey loves you and her nails ! She loves smelling all her friends 

1 35 I bring my dog here ...great staff very friendly. they do a great job! I will not go anywhere else.

1 4 Arf arf...bow wow..lick lick...Ok, that was Emilie our Schnauzer's take on Wag N Wash and believe me she loves it there. Right there across from Copper Star Coffee sits my beloved Wag N Wash. The owners and staff are the nicest of nice. I want to just hang out there with them all day. Cept for the fact that I usually leave with random dog hair attached to my tounge. They have a sort of Ben and Jerry's anti Petco mentatlity and I respect that. They have a great stock of toys, treats and other poochie gucci things. The grooming service is fantastic. Forty bucks for a 90 minute groom is quite a deal. Cut to me trying to bathe Emilie in my tub and the ensuing waterworks flooding my bathroom floor. Me cussing, spilling my martini. Emilie constantly violently shaking excess shampoo and water all over the walls. Not pretty. Also provided is a self washing area. Well, not self washing as in you wash yourself, cuz, well that would be weird. But an area where you yourself can wash your dog. 

1 38 The more I get to know some people, the more I like dogs.  Yep, that tends to be true more often than not.    So I dig places that cater to my dog.  The staff here has always been helpful (when I've come in with or without the dog), and has been patient with whatever questions I have, even if it's just directing me to something in particular.    I've never not been able to find something at this store, it's clean, and the staff is pleasant. Definitely a great place to go for your pet-care needs.

1 39 This place is in our neighborhood and I am glad to have something nearby! They are always kind and make us feel they car for our dogs.

1 41 Finally a Summerlin location!  My Tikka & Mirchi have come only a few time so far and the staff already knows us all by name! I love the cameras, but best of all seeing my dogs receive attention from the Camp Counselors.  The facility is incredibly clean, and the staff is attentive and professional. We will be back soon for sure!

1 42 I am seriously here at least once a month (but more like every other week).   We love Dr. Tampira, she's so awesome!  Kind and considerate, she really listens and tries to get to the bottom of problems.   We've seen other Doctors here too and haven't met one we didn't like.   They're really busy, probably because they're so great.  They might be a little more expensive than other vets, but I'm happy to pay for the wonderful service we get here. We do dentals every year (3 dogs) and have never had any issues with the procedure.   I've had 1 of my dogs bathed here before and he looked and felt the same as he does after our regular groomer baths him.

1 43 Very knowledgeable, my dog isn't the nicest and the doctor was able to work with him. She was triple booked and was able to squeeze my dog in on an emergency visit. Very grateful. Only place I'd trust take my dog.

1 45 A no-kill animal shelter is a great asset to any community.  Thumbs up to all of the staff and volunteers that make this place successful.... Bravo!!

1 47 I sometimes stop by here to look at the kitties, they have been available for adoption and of course pick up much-needed supplies for my cat Javier aka the creep.  I usually don't require any kind of special help because I know exactly what I'm looking for and the only thing I require any help with is hoisting a large bag of cat food into my shopping cart. The cashiers are friendly and answer questions in a efficient manner.

1 48 Love love love this place.  When we moved few years ago to mountains edge area I had to try out few places around and this one became one and only spa we can trust our dog with. No matter who gives our dog a haircut it comes out great. They learned by now how we like our dog's hair and sertsin things we are very particular about. Never had a problem with them. Owner is always there and makes sure all customers are happy.  They also have great selection of baked treats as well as other yummy options.  Although I never buy food from them (because they don't carry the kind our dog is used to) I see a lot of people coming by for it.  If you have a dog or a cat this is the place you can trust with your furry friend!  Or you can always come in and give your pet a wash yourself, because they have special place for that too! Great service and great place in general!

1 49 Highly recommended this place.  Second time using them and they did a great job with our fun babies!!

1 50 Ingleside Animal Hospital was able to accommodate my dogs for a same-day appointment, even though they had never been there before, out of concern for their health. We arrived about ten minutes early and were immediately escorted into the exam room. I was pleased with the hospital's service and cleanliness. For exams and antibiotics for both dogs, I walked out with a bill for the same amount I used to pay for one dog at my old vet.

1 5 It's not the swankiest animal hospital. But the vets and staff are really nice and knowledgeable. Their rates aren't bad either.  In addition, it happens to be an emergency facility. We had to bring both our dogs here for emergencies on separate occasions, and they got right in, even during off hours. There is an extra fee attached though, I think around $50.  I also like that they don't try and sell you a bunch of tests and meds that your pet likely won't need. They often employ the "wait and see" approach, which usually works for the best.  Plus, they call the day after you come in, to check in on your pet. How nice is that? 

1 11 Love, love, love this place! I often stop in after getting groceries at Vons.  I got a gift card from a friend and that is what got me through the front door. I'm so glad i did!  While they offer a range of services like grooming, training, and so on I only get goodies from the bakery. They have a great selection! All healthy and made from scratch.  They do have a self wash station where you can bring in your pet and wash them yourself. The price starts at $9.99. It can easily accommodate large breeds too. I never saw such a thing before!  It is clean inside and I am always greeted. 

1 37 There are some really awesome lizards and snakes here and everyone looks well-cared-for. I thought they could have used more regular supplies. At the time we went they were fairly busy and the employees seemed active and engaged with the customers. 

1 19 See Spot Clean is great, they really do a good job for us...we take our cat there for a "lion cut" about once a year, and our dog occasionally for a nail trim.    The cat's cut always looks really cute and professionally done.  I've gotta give them kudos, this has to be a tough job for them, seeing as the cat's fur is usually terribly matted by the time I finally take him in.  And he's not the cuddly, tolerant kind of kitty...he's a big, angry kitty.  With claws.  (I've been assured by the company that they never use tranquilizers under any circumstance, but I actually did ask at one point because of the fact that the cat is always super relaxed and happy by the time I pick him up...a complete 180 degree turnaround from when I drop him off.  But hey, I'm not complaining!)  We pay $50 + tip for the cat's wash and haircut.  We do make an appointment ahead of time for this.  Our dog is funny about his feet and won't let us touch them at all, so we take him to See Spot Clean for a quick na 

1 19 I love this place! We have 3 dogs and they are a handful. The staff is so helpful. It was 114 degrees outside and they even came to the car to help me get the dogs. We got their nails done and gave them a bath. You get to wash them, condition them, give them a blueberry facial and then dry them. After, you get to pick a cologne that can be juniper, blueberry, peppermint, lavender, etc. The total was $69 and it saved us from having to clean our tub and deal with them trying to jump out and getting water everywhere. Give it a try! Our dogs love it. 

1 47 The store itself is just fine, but the five stars are really for Jaimie, the wonder groomer. My cat, Charlotte, is a hot mess in the fur department and simply must be professionally groomed. I had gone to three other groomers before finding Jaimie. One was great, but never responded to voicemails for appointments. The other two overcharged and clipped one of Charlotte's nipples. Jaimie listened to my concerns as well as what I have noticed about Charlotte's likes and dislikes regarding her fur-cut. She takes her time, giving pets a break when needed. She will also trim nails and check ears, as well as let you know if she notices anything unusual on the skin. Jaimie makes sure that her customers are satisfied, takes notes on the particulars of each pet's needs, and even calls to follow up. Charlotte and I have both loved her cuts and the genuine care from Jaimie.   There are not a ton of groomers in the Valley that take care of cats, and from my experience, even fewer who do it well. Ja 

1 48 By far the best vet I have used in America.  They have helped with our pets and treat them like family.  Our dogs don't really like people and they actually enjoy coming to Craig Road.  Our big dog isn't friendly and Craig Road took him in for boarding anyways and I believe he made some friends that week! 

0 28 Ask for Diane! She's the best !!! Cottonball look so handsome and his haircut is amazing !!! 

1 1 9 Unfortunately had to put our cat down recently. Dr. Tempera was very kind through the whole process as it's obviously a difficult decision. I appreciate the care and kindness they provided during such a hard time. We were provided more time with our baby and when were ready she was very empathetic during the process. It is greatly appreciated. Thank you Dr. Tempera.

0 39 Still a great animal shelter, and I been fostering with them for over a year. I encourage people to donate to their local shelters instead of corporations since you know where your funds are actually going and doing right by the animals. It still smell clean and the animals seem happier compared to other shelters but they would be really happy if they had forever homes. Please adopt. One adoption= 2 saved lives, not only you get a life long companion but it frees up space for another 

1 1 1 9 Unfortunately had to put our cat down recently. Dr. Tempera was very kind through the whole process as it's obviously a difficult decision. I appreciate the care and kindness they provided during such a hard time. We were provided more time with our baby and when were ready she was very empathetic during the process. It is greatly appreciated. Thank you Dr. Tempera.


