 ###### Price  negative ######
1 3 This is a great place - if you want to be treated like an ATM and subjected to extortion. I've been a patient with Silver State Smiles for a few years, and they were great. Then they merged with another company to become Image Dental. I've had a couple of check ups and cleanings done at the new location, which have been fine. In fact, the hygienist was fantastic. The issue is that since my last visit and since the time I scheduled my latest appointment, they changed their pricing (I do not have insurance). If it was a marginal increase, I probably would have let it slide. But when I showed up for my appointment, I was told that the cost would be something akin to a mortgage payment on my home for a basic cleaning and check-up! Then the girl at the desk tries to coerce me into their new annual discount savings plan, where if I was to pay an annual fee, then I would have access to discounted rates, rates that are STILL higher than what I'd paid in the past. OK. Pricing can change over ti

1 6 I wore glasses between the ages of 2-11, and contacts between the ages of 11-15, so I've been to quite a few eye doctors. Although I was told I'd wear glasses for my entire life because my condition was not reversible, God gave me a pass and I ended up with 20/25 vision out of the blue and I stopped going to eye doctors for a long time.   New year means new insurance, so the whole family went in for a check up today (01/03/10.) The wait was a little bit but not too bad. The doctor and her assistants were nice and my appointment breezed on by. Turns out, my eyes are still perfectly fine.   Apparently insurance covers sunglasses, even if they're not prescription, so the doctor told me to get a pair. The thing is, not one pair of sunglasses is priced to be completely covered by insurance, which I found annoying. When I found out that the Coach sunglasses I tried on would mean a $50 out of pocket payment and the Kate Spade sunglasses would be a $25 out of pocket payment, I skipped on sungl

1 8 I normally wear contacts, and with my insurance, I can only opt for one or the other, but not both. It's been years since I've gotten new eyeglasses (something has been wrong with my current pair---it's a permanent smudge, it's hard to explain, but it is annoying because it affects my vision/clarity). I checked with my eye doc and the lenses alone were about $130. Sam's Club was the same price. So a few days before we were to leave on vacation (end of January), I call them to see if I can get in on that advertised special of 2 pairs of eyeglasses for $78. The person I spoke with told me to come in. I head over one night (it's empty, no customers, just employees), and I don't have the right thing (the prescription is for my contacts). The man at the desk advises me to call my eye doc to get the right one (for eyeglasses) but in the mean time, I head over to the two racks---lots of name brands and choices here, pleasantly surprised, (2 for $78) to select a couple pairs, one bulova deep p

1 9 I do not like dentist at all.  I had a major car accident that broke my jaw.  I subsequently have been through several dentist in town..... this is the best place to go.  While their work is as expensive as any other dentist... I believe their work to be the very best!

1 12 Do not go to this place!  #1  You ARE NOT getting 2 pair of glasses for the price of one.  You are paying the regular price and purchasing 2 pair of glasses. #2  I called in on Friday September 4th to cancel an order and spoke with Jessica who left me on hold for MORE than 30 minutes.  Yes, I counted.  I was irritated and after being more than patient I hung up and called back and this time a guy answered the phone. I complained that I had been on hold for more than 30 minutes and his reply with a bad attitude was "Are you going to let me talk?" Seriously??? Let you talk?  After I have been sitting on the phone on hold for more than 30 minutes???  And he attempted to continue to go back and forth and argue with me.  Really??? What have I done wrong?  I had the right to be annoyed after waiting like that on the phone.  I have other things to do.  Respect my time please!  Enough said!  I'll pass!!!! 

1 13 I went to YesNick Vision Center because of a groupon that I found. I needed new glasses and had been putting it off because, being a long-time glasses-wearer, I knew it would cost me a pretty penny. My entire visit was wonderful from beginning to end. The office is located at the end of a shopping center, and much smaller than I had imagined it to be. The girl at the front desk was extremely patient and kind when checking me in. The assistant who checked my eyes before I met the dr was also great. Dr Yesnick was totally professional during my visit with him. He talked me through every test he was doing, and told me the condition of my eyes as he noted it.  He is genuinely interested in his patients and our needs. The glasses section is quite small in the office, but the associates made it no problem, offering to order and pair online, ship it to the office, and let me try them on- if I hadn't found a pair I liked. I spend quite a bit of money on the Coach glasses I chose, but I know th

1 18 Don't get a Livingsocial deal here! Staff and Dr was very nice and professional but, I think they purposely only carry high-end brand name frames so, $130 that was supposed to go towards frame deal doesn't really cover much. I had to pay over $100 out of pocket unexpectedly after picked out "Cheapest" frame they had there when I thought Livingsocial covered exam & glasses...total I spent about $200 for glasses I'm only gonna wear as a reading glasses

1 7 I made an appointment for my SO for some acne he's had for quite some time now. Not only were his doctors informative but they were honest and diligent about making a plan that would work for him and gave him a diagnosis for the bumps associated with the back of his head. Although prior to the appointment we figured what it could be, it was nice to finally get a diagnosis and a doctor who was figuring out something to do. Medication for acne is PRICEY but well worth it. We both would definitely suggest this dermatology office! 

1 21 Okay, it's a little expensive, but when you travel as much as I do ... sometimes you are so rundown that you are desperate for a pick me up.   This was the case after spending two weeks in Delhi and suffering from, well, what do you think? It's India. Needless to say, I was tired and dehydrated. I was ready to speed this recovery process up. And nothing says "recovery" like sticking a needle in your arm.  To be fair, my doctor was like, you can probably just drink water since you have the ability to sit upright. There is no need to pay $200 for an IV.   Yeah, but it's more fun! And there are vitamins and stuff. Just pump that good shit into me. Swallowing a pill is so old school.  Anyway, to be honest, I'm fairly certain it's why I felt 100% better the next day. Okay, maybe more like 75% better. Or maybe these percentages are completely made up? The point is, I don't regret it and I would do it again. Did I mention my skin looks phenomenal right now? Thanks, glutathione! Or the placebo

1 22 As far as a surgeon goes I think he is very talented, though even if you don't need much done he is still willing to have you go through with a surgery.  I'm not sure that is right but he is probably a perfectionist and that is fine.  Be forewarned he may tell you that if you change your mind you can get out of the surgery, but the words he doesn't tell you is that you won't be able to get your deposit back.  I hadn't made an appointment but gave his office a deposit only because the prices they give you are only good for one month and while I decided I didn't want to lose the prices, and I don't live very closeby.  Most offices only accept money when you MAKE an appointment to cover for the surgeon's time if you should cancel, and I think that is completely understandable.  A surgeon's time should be paid for!  Needless to say even without having made a surgery date and only wanting to hold the prices they gave me I had to end up going through my credit card company to get my deposit 

1 23 I went to the drip room for my first time after a particularly long night left me with a hangover. they explained it to me and got started giving the IV. After a lot of pain The nurse who did it said "sorry I think I blew the vein." It was extremely painful and left me feeling like I was going to pass out and I said I didn't want to do it again because that was very painful and they really insisted and pushed into how much better I would feel and that I should do it. So hesitant I let the Dr. do the IV this time and thankfully not another blown vein but I was shocked they still charged me full price honestly. I left feeling pretty much the same. I know I got a bag worth of fluids but I peed it out immediately and was still feeling just as hungover and now with a bruised and painful arm as well. I essentially paid $160 for some expensive and scented pee. Just drink water lol

1 25 Love this place I had extreme dehydration and ended up at the Dr they recommend I go to the ER at honorhealth Osborn I was told by a dr at the office to try the drip room headed straight there and I got a 3 pack IV the next day I was feeling tons better the next week I went back for a mini drip immune boost today feeling almost 100% spent a fraction of the cost of my 500.00 deducible plus all the unknown cost of going to the Er so---- thankful for the drip room!!!

1 26 How stupid do I feel.  Thought Robert Lee was a real doctor,  but only to find out he tells everyone the same thing and he's just another paid quack for workman's comp. Just another disappointment on this nightmare roller coaster I am on after I fell at work and got a fracture. Thanx again to doctors who abandon their oaths to help people for the all mighty dollars. Big fancy office and lots of employees,  guess the companies pay well to sell outs.

1 29 I'm sure some of the Drs are ok, but I took my daughter in to make sure her hips are stable and was told she has flat feet. The Dr was in such a rush to leave, he didn't listen at all about the fact that she was there for a hip evaluation, not for her feet. We have a connective tissue disorder and all of my joints tend to be hypermobile and even randomly dislocate. He barely touched her for a second or so for the "hip evaluation" because I realize he thought we were there for her feet. Will have to get her hips checked out somewhere else. What a waste of time and co-pay money.

1 30 Although I did receive the treatment I wanted and the doctor seemed nice, BE WARNED about the skin biopsy that he forces on you.   He told me he wanted to check if a mole I had was malignant and I told him that it was genetic and all my family has just as many moles as me. Even though the mole had nothing to do with the reason I came in there in the first place, he still insisted and I said as long as my insurance will cover it, then fine.   Of course the biopsy came back normal because, like I told him, the moles are genetic and my whole family is covered with them!  Now I'm getting a bill for 2 skin biopsy performed, $150 each, which is outrageous for something I didn't even want! Learn from my mistake and be FIRM with what you want and don't want because in the end you're paying for it. Don't let them talk you into getting any sort of biopsy or treatment that isn't related to what you originally came in for. Of course they're not going to be honest about the cost. They need to make 

1 31 I won't go back. Here's why.  1: Misdiagnosis: One doc I won't name couldn't figure out what was wrong with me on one occasion so she writes 2 scripts, recommends tests, and sends me on my way $120 lighter for the visit, plus $130 in script costs. When her scripts fail to work I snap a picture of the problem and send it to a family doctor / Hospital Chief Of Staff we know in Nebraska. She immediately diagnosed it, recommended over the counter stuff and I was healed in 72 hours. And when I told the COS what the scripts were she laughed and said Seriously? She gave you THAT? You wasted your money!  2: Book a 15 min appoint to make sure you cover your issues, she rushes through and doesn't seem to really listen to you.  3: Won't renew even simple scripts for $4 meds without an expensive doctor's visit.  4: Loves to make referrals and especially to labs. Lots and lots of lab work.  5: Front desk staff: Overworked and it shows.   In short, Las Vegas healthcare already has a bad rap. This cl

1 33 I emailed the office about getting moles removed and was told to call and make an appointment with their plastic surgeon.  I called and was told I should see the dermatologist not the plastic surgeon and that I had to come in for a consultation which costs $100 and then come back and the cost would be $70 plus whatever the cost of removing the moles was.  So I made an appointment and drove all the way across town....paid my $100 to spend all of 2 minutes being told by the doctor that I could get my moles shaved off for $250 each + a lab fee around 90 each.   I feel so ripped off and like my time was wasted that I will go elsewhere.  I went to a different dermatologist a few years ago and that one did everything in 1 day...no time & money  wasting "consultation" like Couture Dermatology.

1 35 A few years back I had a scan at the SimonMed in Scottsdale, which was not an unpleasant experience. When it came time for another scan, I remembered my prior trip and called SimonMed in Chandler to make an appointment. It was one of the strangest calls I've ever had. I read the doctor's orders to the girl making the appointments, had my insurance info handy, and my calendar up and ready to roll. I was on hold a total of 4 times on this call, which lasted about a total of 20 minutes. The last time she came back on the line, the girl making the appointments insisted my doctor did not order the scan correctly, and that "because of my age", I needed to get several additional tests done. That was a poor choice of words. If she wanted to strong arm me into more overpriced tests that I didn't need, she shouldn't have brought my age into it. Let me start by saying I'm not old, and I am very aware of what tests need to be done; I am also aware of the recommended ages for said tests. I've spent

1 36 My husband was referred to Dr. Ralph Bennett with this practice by our pcp for extreme joint and tendon pain. After more than one year of extensive and EXPENSIVE diagnostics here was the result: 1) NO diagnosis 2) NO treatment plan 3) NO recommendations for how to manage the excruciating pain We would not recommend this doctor nor this office.

1 37 SMI just outright SUCKS! Their billing practices are ridiculous, and I am reporting them to my insurance company. I have MS and have to have annual MRIs as part of my treatment plan. I walk in and the first thing I am asked is what is your deductible? WTF... really? My MRIs are $250 on my insurance plan, yet they wanted me to pay $1000 out of pocket! I will take my business elsewhere! This is the second time I have had billing issues with this location. And, had another billing issue in past years at another location of being billed twice, yet they said I wasn't and owed them more money, I provided bank statements to prove my payments and as a result they sent to collections!  SMI takes advantage of individuals!!!


 ###### Price  positive ######
1 1 This dental office is very good. I am planing to stay with them because the prices are reasonable and the staff is great. Just had my cleaning done and Hazel was my hygienist and she did an excellent job.  I am nervous going to the dentist but with this place I know I am in good hands so just relax

1 7 I was skeptical of going here for my glasses as I saw a lot of bad reviews in other cites. However I did get my glasses 2 pairs for the price of one and they are very good. The one downside was they do try and up sale you when I got my one pair tinted dark by telling me at first it was $80 extra, but the man who took care of me didn't do that. So I saved a lot. So far so good.... 

1 3 Clean office and easy location to find. Charles is very knowledgeable and answered all my questions. He is very honest and let's you know what you need. Prices are average and I love my results. Can't wait to go back! :)

1 4 great place to get eye exam. everyone there are nice and helpful. really takes the time to listen to my questions price are also very reasonable

1 5 Fantastic experience , extremely professional staff . I found Dr YESnick through a heck of a deal through Groupon the doctor was extremely informative the staff was very friendly , the prices are very affordable especially  for people who don't have insurance ,Am very happy I found this office

1 6 I went in this week for my first Botox treatment. Charles was great and made me very comfortable. He explain everything and didn't push anything additional.  I came in today for a touch up and he let me drop by. No appointment! Since this was my first time (Botox virgin) I wanted to be conservative. The price was fair and I'm happy with my results.

1 15 Came in yesterday for my Groupon deal! $59 for eye exam & $50 in contacts! AMAZING deal for someone who does not have insurance such as myself. The appointment was easy to make (called Wednesday afternoon around 4PM and they got me in at Friday at 10:45AM). The ladies were really nice to my children and talked to them during my eye exam. Dr. Yesnick is very knowledgeable about what he does and explained everything during the exam to me.   When I told him I wanted color contacts, he let me try on as many colors as I wanted and then led me to the back door so I could see them out in the daylight because fluorescents don't do them justice. After that, Thomas to helped me order the contacts. Downside is that their colored contacts are quite pricey compared to Costco, but they do price match after the first pair purchased so I can now go back to them and get the same price as Costco without making the drive! With my $59 Groupon, I got an eye exam (usually $130+ at all the optometrists I've  

1 20 Great 1st appointment with them today. Was at a different doctor prior who now with my diagnosis from this visit could of been a little money hungry not sure how you go to appointments every three months, painful procedures and expensive meds to the see you in a year with this location. Plus the time they took to throughly look at every last inch to check everything.  Lobby is awesome not your ordinary doctors office and they have treats as well. Well recommend to others 

1 8 Beautiful decor, very friendly staff. Love this place - got an amazing hydrafacial for an amazing price. Was in heaven. Two thumbs up for this place.

1 9 Came here today to get an IV boost and Vit D shot.  I was in the area and had to check out this cool place.  The staff was very friendly and prices were reasonable.  Walk-ins are welcome.  This place is nice and modern, makes it very comfortable for guests when getting their IV's.  They should open one in Canada.  Will return the next time I'm in the area!

1 10 I've been to a few places similar to this around the PHX area. Hands down this is the best place to spend your time & money. The staff is very pleasant, the price is affordable, and the atmosphere is relaxing. I often go for B12 shots & ended getting a monthly membership to receive it weekly. i added in a fat burner and it does wonders, it truly leaves me feeling amazing all week. They have a ton of drips you chose from as well. I personally have not done it yet, but plan to in the near future! They are opening up a second shop in the phx area for those of you who can't make the drive all the way to Scottsdale. Highly recommend for everyone!

1 11 I had some girls in town, and you know what happens when a bunch of crazy ladies get together... We get tattoos. I messaged several businesses and last chance tattoo parlor looked the best on Yelp as far as the work they did. We were able to make an appointment for five people the day of and they got us in when we asked. The shop itself is small but clean and friendly. It's in a little bit of a sketchy part of town, but WTF were getting tattoos who cares? The work I got done was superb as we're all of my girlfriends tattoos. Prices are competitive with other tattoo parlors in town, and everyone was really fun and friendly.

1 12 Just popped in to get a replacement bar for my tragus piercing. I was only in for 10 minutes but the staff was super friendly and personable. Reasonable prices on jewelry and piercings as well. I'll definitely be in to see Tony when I'm ready to get my industrial piercing done

1 13 Cody is totally awesome. He's really gentle and friendly...  He's very patient even though, I keep on changing my mind... lol.. The price is pretty reasonable too. If you really want a good artist for your next tattoo, you need to call them and make an appointment...


 ###### Service  negative ######
1 2 I was eating soup, I felt something hard in it and spat it out. It was my molar crown! It's fallen off before, I've had problems with that one as it was made by a pretty careless and painful dentist - the kind that scares you off from coming in for proper care.   My dentist for my visit was Dr. Amy Tongsiri. She was just so adorably friendly and bubbly! We chatted and felt at ease- I absolutely loved her! Her whole team was so nice and gentle as well when handling my teeth and really mindful of the water/saliva stuff pooling up as I feel like I tend to choke at most dentist chairs. It's so simple, but why don't more dentist put sunglasses on people?! It was nice not to get blinded by the light.  I was hoping that I can just cement it back in, but she recommended that I get a new one made that fit better. I had it from when I was pretty young and my mouth shifted since and it's probably why it popped off again. What also sucks is that I had 2 cavities now - on the tooth in front of this

0 3 Nothing really bad to say about this place. Their employees are efficient and help the individuals coming in the doors. This isn't really the friendliest atmosphere but how exciting can glasses and contacts be? I mean come on. The establishment is clean and organized; minimal seating. They also have one of the largest collection and selection of glasses I've seen at any glasses place I've been to around town. My professional optical assessment of selection includes being at Visionworks, Walmart, Costco and Sam's Club. None of these competitors have even half the selection that Eyeglass World does. I'd totally recommend this place and location to all of my half-blind friends and acquaintances. 

1 3 Service has totally slipped at 7 hills vision. 2 weeks ago when I went in for my appointment I had to wait almost an hour after my appointment time to be seen and the place wasn't busy at all. Ok, I need the contacts so I wait. The Dr was pretty good, but then again my prescription hasn't changed in a long time so I should be easy. I order my contacts and wait.... And wait.... Two weeks later I call to ask what's going on and they say... "Oh, your contacts are here. Somebody should have called you." Nope, no call, nothing. You see, I have this little think on my phone that is called Caller ID and Seven Hills Vision is nowhere to be found. Don't lie and tell me you called to cover the fact you messed up. Admit it, own it and keep your customer... If not I know I can find another eye Doctor next year. So disappointed....

1 4 Went to Jackson physical therapy for almost two years due to operations on my shoulders. Love Adam, Mercedes and Nate! You get out what you put in.  The reason I gave them 4 out of 5 has to do with their billing and them not being a in network provider.

1 5 Courteous front office staff!  The PTA's that I've had here are actually better than the PT's.  Tammy and Adam are awesome!   As with most places like this that you have to visit regularly, they start out good and then get complacent and inattentive but these PTA's are consistent. Jackson Physical Therapy, nonetheless, is still better than any other physical therapy practice that I've been to. I think overall though I just don't like these places because you don't get enough individualized attention, period.  They just give you a bunch of exercises that you could really do at home.  They need massage therapy along with the other services.  After all, most of the patients are in pain and we need soothing.  That is all!

1 6 Watch out for this dentist office they will try to charge you for things that you don't need for example I want in there for the first time got a regular teeth cleaning and they did x-rays on my teeth that's normal . Then they scheduled me to come in 2 to 3 months later for the exact same thing this time they want to charge me again for more x-rays and then charge me for a more thorough teeth cleaning that I did not need. And the girls at the reception desk need to put a smile on their face and be more welcoming.

1 7 I was referred to Dr Tottori by my primary and have to admit I was somewhat nervous. I'm new(ish) in town and its scary trying to find decent new doctors. The parking lot was pretty full, so before I even walked in I was afraid I'd be waiting forever..but this wasn't the case at all. The gals at the front desk seemed a bit flustered, after all it was pretty busy..but they got it together quickly. They kept me waiting a very short time. I was filling out my new patient packet and before I could even finish, I hear my name being called to go back to a room. A medical assistant does the typical stuff...gets your weight, blood pressure, etc.. Next step is a breathing test..I did find this kind of awkward because it's done out in the open and the next patient is sitting there watching, but I got over it pretty fast. Then to an exam room. I met with the Dr, he was patient and listened. I felt heard. He had another MA do an allergy test on my back, which was painless. Though it was kind of ch

1 8 Appointments: They won't answer the phone.  You need to leave a message and hope that someone calls you back to schedule the appointment.  I have had returned calls within a couple hours and other times it has taken them about 5 days to get back to me to schedule.  Blood work: Two of our kids have severe nut allergies, and need annual blood work done PRIOR to their annual exam.  So after finally getting a call back to schedule the appointment, I asked if they could complete the lab forms so I can pick them up and get the blood work done prior to their appointments.  They said ok and it took about 3 weeks for them to call to let me know it was ready for pick-up.  Picking up the lab forms was very exhausting... 1st attempt... I was in there for about 30 minutes, they could only find 1 file, couldn't find my other child's file.  They said they would call me when they found it... about 2 weeks later I get the call.  2nd attempt... I was in there for another 30 minutes while the lady at the

1 9 This optometrist office is ok.  Been going here for the past 4 years & haven't had any major problems.  They seem to go through different employees every time we have our annual visits though.  Dr. Guerrero (sp?) is really nice.  Hubsand & I like her a lot.  Although, we have no idea why her name isn't even posted anywhere.  Except on the business cards that's @ the front desk.  Selections of glasses aren't too great I must say.  They have a lot of high end brands so if you're on a budget, I don't know what to tell ya. I guess, hopefully you got vision insurance. =) We've always experienced quick visits.  Never a long long wait.  Maybe on a very busy day, the employees who help you out w/ glasses may take sometime to get to you but it's understandable.  Location is great.  Clean office.

1 10 Been coming to this office for several years & last couple of visits (both within 2 weeks of each other) the front desk staff is extremely unattentive to customers standing in front of them. On 3 separate times of having to deal with them they are more concerned with talking to the other employees than to the customer. Walked in both times & stood in front of desk staff while they didn't even give a hello. Another employee walked up to desk from back & the front desk employee starts talking to them while I (the customer) just stands there. 2nd employee that didn say hello. Tried to find out a wait time & they just both look at each other. 2nd employee that walked from back says to desk employee "I don't know because I don't know where we're at or who's taking who." Seriosuly? That's how you act in front of customers? Similar situation happened on a previous visit. Finally after just standing there waiting for them to give me an estimated wait time the front desk employee meekly says "I

1 11 So I dropped my wife off at 4pm. I come back 530pm ask the receptionist is my wife finished? Aaaaah let me check. Receptionist  disappeared where did she go? OH there she is talking to her co-workers in the back glass door. So I ask the 2nd receptionist is my wife finished with her a appointment?  Let me check for you be right back. OK... waiting waiting waiting more waiting.... I look up and there she is behind the glass door with the other co-worker's.... What is going on?  @!&% ยฅ#รท  still no answer...my wife comes out and says they don't have the x-rays from Dr. Amy's old office they need new ones. Here we go again the dental x-ray SCAM. So the x-rays taken in the last 6 months lost for the computer file transfer during the office move to Sahara location? American Dental Association guidelines for X-rays. The ADA says healthy children should get one X-ray every 1-2 years, teens should receive one every 1.5-3 years, and adults should get a scan every 2-3 years if they aren't experien

1 12 Would give zero stars if I could. Great front desk staff and great PT staff, but their billing/insurance department is a flaming train wreck. Their ineptitude has cost us weeks of delayed treatment. Starting treatment at a new facility, wouldn't go back here if you paid me.

1 13 Made an appt for my son waited 3 weeks. 2 days before the appt date they called to reschedule which was  a few days later. Then again 2 days before the appt they called again to reschedule to make it a week longer. Enough is enough. My son needs help & can't be waiting until god knows when. Very unprofessional. Go else where.   Find another doctor and made an appt for the next day.  Only reason I went to this doc is because of a referral. You don't have to settle with the doctor they refer you to, always look for other options.

1 14 So finally made an appt and came here. The wait was long in the waiting area. Then more waiting once in the room. The person explaining the results just kept repeating themselves when you ask different questions. Very annoying and a waste of time.  Got a few prescriptions. Asked if they can fax it, so it's faster and saves me time. They said it will take 2 weeks to fax in the prescription. Are you joking me. Went to get the prescription filled.   My insurance doesn't cover the one the doc wrote. The pharmacy called them and told them to change it. I also call them and ask them to change it too. They didn't change it until 3 weeks later. Meanwhile I have called them right after I left the Pharmacy which was an hour after I left their office. 1 week later called to tell them I still need new RX. They said they never got the request. Yes you did. CVS is great about sending request. So asked CVS to resend it to them again.  Called to asked if I can get a letter from the doc for my children

1 15 My previous review was for lens crafters. Whoops ! I'll give you 5 star anyways

1 16 So... We used to see the dentist at Silver State Smiles-- Dr. Tongsiri and her crew. They were gracious, honest and a really nicely ran little office. Oh yes, our appointments sometimes ran late, but the feeling of the office wasn't customers coming in for an appointment-- but family popping by and being taking care of. Since I have four children-- I truly enjoyed knowing that we were being taken care of and not simply customers. The crew also never tried to 'upsell' procedures.  Well-- as things do-- all good things must come to an end. Silver State Smiles merged with Image Dental. Now, my family member went in for a cleaning-- normal cleaning-- no biggie and expected to see Dr. Tongsiri. Who did he see? A stranger. Well, that's okay, right? As long as they're good at what they do and honest. Even though they merged with Silver State Smiles-- they demanded a redo on his current xrays. Okay-- it's not a huge procedure and the insurance company will pay for new xrays-- go ahead. That's 

1 17 I usually get my my eyes checked somewhere else but my husband went here before & wanted us to save time & have our appointment done at the same place. They were very friendly & we got out of there sooner than we expected. Michelle at the front was awesome. After leaving here, I was going to give 5 stars.   The reason I deducted a star was because my husband ordered new lens & he had to pick it up at a different location on Rainbow & he said the lady was very unpleasant. The lenses were dirty. At least at the other place I go to to get my lenses they are nice & they clean the lenses for us without asking.

1 18 This place is nice but packed I have asked other people about the place and they said this was normal It is a little hard to get an appointment to I think that Tottori over extended this place  The nurses were nice and friendly and also the doctor But i did feel a little rushed As for the other part of the staff that is a different story front desk wasn't the best customer service no smile no hello just sign the sheet ? And for scheduling had a little bit of an attitude It was just either take the appointment or go somewhere else ? Left a little salty taste in my mouth Not sure if I'm going to go back 

0 19 I was very pleased with this place - they are very slick at moving you through the process even though they are crazy busy - especially in the spring. Las Vegas has extremely high allergy potential during the spring. Fortunately for me I went in July and when I told the nurse "You guys are busy!" because the place was nearly packed, she said this is dead - we are winding down after allergy season, so if you go in spring, they are handling hundreds of people a day and I think a lot of the negative reviews are probably due to how many people they see. But they are that busy because the doctor is really good so it's worth persevering until you get to see him (or, if you can wait, don't go in the spring). I've had a cough since January and medical people have been telling me I have asthma or bronchitis or walking pneumonia. I knew it was none of those as I didn't feel sick, just coughing, wheezing all night and really tired (which is normal for me). I'd given up asking doctors why I'm so t 

1 20 We were here for a year or so.  Noticed they had 2-3 new gals and they didn't really know how to give allergy shots painlessly, as there is a method.  Per the office manager Manuel, these MA's are taught by Tottori himself under strict supervision. I don't doubt it, but they were indifferent with my daughter.  So, we had to request 2 MA's out of the staff each time. We even had to call ahead. There was even a time where we had to wait 45 minutes for one.  Regardless, Manuel and I exchanged some words and got it straightened out. I even spoke to PA Chua who seemed less assertive and avoided my questions. Me, as an ER and hospital RN, felt this was unprofessional. In the end, it seemed like it wasn't even worth it anymore and we decided to go to another office. Before moving though, we were warned by Manuel that Tottori and one other allergist were the only good offices that gave allergy shots.  Really? I found several.

1 21 Initial service was adequate . Got eyes exam and glasses in reasonable time period . Not amazing but reasonable. They however convinced me that I need there progressive lenses which were absolute crap . I went back to return them 2 days later. When I walked in I put my name down and someone walked up to me and asked me the problem which I explained . Instead of dealing with the problem with obviously irratared client they chose to aggravate me even more by waiting 40 minutes to see the rep that sold me the crappy progressive lenses. Other reps were available. The plus side is my rep David was very helpful when he eventually came and replaced the lens with a normal lens .  Although not an amazing experience first time, it was adequate enough for me to give them a second chance so yes I will be coming back

1 22 Although I usually put my foot in my mouth, for a variety of reasons, Dr. Fara and the staff at Image Dental always demonstrate respect, concern, and remarkable patience when dealing with my dental issues as they come up. Everyone who works at the office seems to enjoy their jobs and Dr  Fara has plenty to do with that. After removing the foot with friendly coaxing and the promise of a new toothbrush and floss followed by prescription strength mouthwash, I feel that my small-toothed mouth has some hope. I was walking around with pain in my lower left molar region, such pain that I honestly didn't want to open my mouth at all  Image Dental helped me get over it and fitted a temporary crown which I must have swallowed. Everyone at this office is there to help. I started here with Dr  Gno, and was concerned when he moved away. A temp dentist took over for 6 or 7 months and he and his sidekicks did a horrendous job with me. Dropping dental supplies down my throat, etc. Dr Tran and Dr. Fara

1 23 I had my frames picked out in LA so all I needed was eye exam and for them to replace the lens. Booking an appointment was easy.  Got to my appointment on time but the doctor had to leave office for personal reasons. I was sent back home for 2hrs and had to come back again. Eye exam took less than an hour total. I paid $68 for the eye exam (no dilation exam).  I had two frames with me and chose the high index lens since that's the thinnest that could fit in my frames. They have a deal for BOGO free replacement on lens so I paid around $150 which is not bad.  They promised me 5 business days for my glasses to be done but ended up taking two weeks due to some mistakes on their end. Not too happy...but I do appreciate how their staff was communicative and updated me on the status of my glasses.   My overall experience was just ok. Staffs are friendly and knowledgeable. It seems like I just had bad luck on both my eye exam and lens replacement which took me more time than expected.

0 4 **Going to save the 5th star for after I pick up my glasses**  This place rocked it!  I have been wearing glasses since I was a baby, but have not had my eyes or prescription checking in over 4 years.  Made an appt for 11am, got in the doctor room about 1120 not to bad.  Doctor was awesome and patient!  Spent time on me and didn't rush me out the door.  Major plus. $68 for the eye exam.  (no insurance)  Once I got done there i went out to look for some glasses, they have tons of BOGO sales, so i picked two pairs ($78) and was also able to upgrade one pair to sunglasses ($30), I have a prism in my lens and it is normally expensive, not here, free with frames!!!  The girl that helped me was awesome, patient and cared!    I pick up my two new pairs on next Wednesday!!! In and out within an hour and 15 min!!!  And everything I got was under $200!!! Super stoked! Cant wait to see again!!!!!!!!!! :) 

1 24 After completely tearing my ACL and Meniscus in a soccer game, I was in the ER dazed and confused and not really remembering how I ended up with Dr. Yu as my orthopedic surgeon for surgery a week later but, I am glad that I did. He is very honest with you and didn't push surgery but I told him it was important that I play again. He gave me options and was very thorough.   I was a difficult patient and ended up with stiff knee so I had to do two separate surgeries which were both done by him. I healed in no time and wouldn't recommend any other Dr.!

1 25 I bet it's great.....but I cannot actually make an appointment. No one ever answers the phone. So you leave a message and they call you back and you have to pray that you are able to answer it during business hours. I am shooting zero, because I have my own job and every time they call back I can't answer the phone. There is no other way to get an appointment. I wish I could get my daughter in here, but I need to find an office where someone answers the phone!

0 29 When looking for any health care professionals, the most important thing for me is the doctor's respect for patient's questions and time. I tend to ask a lot of questions and expect professional answers. Drs tend to feel like I'm questioning their credentials which I am not. And usually when they feel offended because of my questions I know they are not the doctor for me ( sadly it has happened before where I had to walk out and call state regarding an eye doctor). Also my time is just as important as the doctor's, so I do not want to feel like I am being rushed and the wait is reasonable. And most of all the care I receive.   Dr. Lisa Hoang was above and beyond. Aside from graduating from one of the top dental schools in America (UOP in SF), she was polite, professional, caring, and respectful.   I had 5 cavities filled, a deep clean, and had to get an impression done for my night guard.   She didn't try to sell or push any treatments on me. She explained everything she was gonna do b 

0 31 I've been coming to this office since 2007 when Steve Ngo was running the show. Its been a seemless transition since Dr. Tran and his staff took over Image Dental and I'm happy to be a patient here.   I also like how modern all their equipment is compared to a lot of the lame quick fix places in town that just sandblast your teeth for a couple of minutes.  Showing movies on the TV up above makes cleanings go by a little quicker too.    So if you're not happy with your dentist, go here!  

1 26 Checking around to see if I could get an appointment today due to a knee injury playing sports before resorting to the hospital. I knew it wouldn't be likely but it was worth checking. Based on reviews, I'm sure the doctors are great and I wouldn't mind waiting to schedule an appointment but the salty receptionist that picked up the phone sounded like she had a damn nose plug on kept rudely interrupting me when I inquired about an appointment, she disconnected the call before I could inquire about a future appointment.

1 27 Follow up. This business actually cared enough to reach out to me so i gave them a better review!! I now understand  that there is a reason behind the madness. These people care!!!  This place is pretty terrible when it comes to their logistics. The customer service is just ok not bad not great just adequate. Everyone has bland face.   If u can go to the one on Tropicana and save yourselves some time. I think this place needs a serious overhaul and they'll  be alright. If it was just on or two employees it would be one thing but everyone here seems so bland.

1 28 I came to Jackson Physical Therapy because the doctor I really wanted to go to didn't accept my insurance.  I saw one of the doctors there (maybe Jackson??) who was very nice.  The office staff was lovely and got me in very quickly.  I went through all the details of what was going on - it's a laundry list, so the fact that he listened to me and kept asking questions is much to his credit.    He went through a couple physical tests (moving my body around in weird positions and such) and ultimately told me I was fine.  He suggested I do some yoga, but didn't offer any specific advice to help solve the issue.    I left feeling alright about everything, but then realized I should probably get a second opinion.  I went and saw a second physical therapist (the one I was referred to by a friend, who doesn't take my insurance) and had a much more thorough appointment.  That doctor helped me realize that my pelvis was mis-aligned and gave me specific stretches to do that will help.  The team a

1 29 I was hesitant to bring my baby here after some reviews I read here but it was the only allergist in my area with some decent reviews and my pediatrician said that this place was fine to take my baby to.  It was a pretty crowded waiting room so I was nervous we would wait a long time but we ended up being given a room within five to ten minutes- partly because I had filled out the new patient paperwork at home.  Dr. Tottori came in first and gave his assessments and recommendations.  After about five minutes another gentleman gave us information packets and epi-pen instructions.  Five minutes after his departure a lady gave us a paper re-listing what was gone over for my daughter's treatment.  That paper ended up being switched because a dosage was incorrect.  At check-out my husband noticed we were given someone else's paper and that was switched- the check-out lady was also swamped with calls and ended up almost forgetting to give us our Rx paperwork but luckily my husband asked if w

0 39 I really am enjoying it here- the staff is great- but that's AFTER you get taken back which explains the loss of a star. Every time I come in, I am almost never greeted and that's with two people at the front. First appointment- I came in and they were talking about personal things that shouldn't be at the front desk. That is a patients first impression. It took a few moments for them to even acknowledge me. Next appointment, I was standing in front of the counter for 2 minutes or so before I finally ended up greeting them and asked for the sign in sheet. Come in to my appointment today- no hello. It's not that big of a deal to me because every time I'm taken to the back it's a completely different story. Everyone is great, Karinne is the only one I know her name and she always has a pleasant smile as well as the doctors and the assistants in the gym! Overall happy with my experience- it would be perfect if the front was more friendly. 

1 30 Was referred here after a blood test showed some food allergies and an immunity issue. Drs office called to schedule my appointment promptly and I was surprised they were able to take me the same week. Showed up for the visit and was given the usual paperwork to fill out. Called me in before I had a chance to finish!  Everyone was really nice, did the usual weight, blood pressure stuff then put me in a room. Then the wait began. Was able to finish paperwork and after about 30 minutes we inquired as to how much longer. We were told not too long, as they only had 1 provider on duty so they were a little behind. Dr Chu came in shortly after and he was very nice. Professional and thorough, he reviewed the results with us and answered all our questions. Really put my mind at ease. No hard sell for tests, seemed really honest and I liked that. After he left we realized we had another question and saw him in the hall as we were waiting to check out. He answered that question as well.  Never f

1 31 I'm leaving this review rating because of the lack of service when walking in. We made it in for an appointment, but the staff was already helping a guest at the window. I tried looking for a sign in sheet, but had no luck and did not want to Interrupt a conversation being had. Anyway after about standing for 4-5 mins being clearly visible I decided to sit since I figured they would acknowledge our presence and see what we needed.... guess what? It never happened.   Anyway I finally spoke up after the lobby was empty and we were still ignored for another minute or 2.   For management: I would think it's important to have the front desk great each and every customer coming through that door. If we did not have an appointment I would have gladly walked away.

1 32 I recently came to Tottori Allergy on July 5th to check for allergies. I actually arrived about 5 minutes late to my appointment, which was at 9:00 A.M.  Tottori Allergy is pretty easy to get to. It's off of the 215/Cheyenne, a few blocks down. You could also take the 95/Cheyenne, West, for about a 10 minute drive to get to Tottori Allergy.  It was pretty packed when my boyfriend and I entered Tottori. We had to fill out paperwork that included a Allergy questionnaire and a few others. Initially we were called in the back to go over symptoms, weight, and height, but Tottori Allergy did not have a room ready for us. We ended up going back to the waiting room for approximately 10 minutes. Finally, we were called back and provided a room.  We went over a variety of questions with the assistant, and food allergies were initially recommended. The test was completed pretty quick, and we were in and out of Tottori within a hour and a half. Follow-up was scheduled for 3 weeks out. All of the s

1 33 I called today because my doctors office referred me here. The first person that answered the phone was a female who put me on hold for 10min. and then the call hung up from their end. I called back and got a male on the phone who was rude, sarcastic and condescending on the phone. He asked me why I was referred and that they don't take my insurance. Then why ask me my condition if you're not going to help? I wouldn't recommend this facility to anyone. If they did take my insurance, I would've asked for another Dr.

1 34 Didn't see the doctor but the call taker was rude as hell. Usually when the receptionists are rude the doctors are rude as well. I'll pass.

1 35 They never answer the phone. My Sisters pharmacy has been trying to get ahold of them for three months and they do not return calls. This place has HORRIBLE customer service. If they weren't the only one who accepted her insurance we would've moved providers a long time ago. I hate this place and wouldn't recommend it.

1 36 I love this place but their scheduling is ridiculous!!!!! That's why ive decided to leave a negative review and find another dentist. I called in December 2018 for an appointment. I was told they are booked until Feb 20th... that is crazy but okay, I'll wait. I was also told i would be put on a list if a weekend became available. Then on Feb. 5th, i got a call saying sorry we need to cancel your appointment  and reschedule. Ummm okay..... then they tell me they cant see me until march 20th... thats ridiculous!!!! Whats the point of scheduling. I told them i refuse to use my personal time at work to be off, so they can fit me in. She said sorry but i can do feb 28th at 9am.. umm what part of im not using my time did we not understand... then they came back an offered another evening appointment for march when i asked for a weekend. The call was so irritating that ive decided to take my business elsewhere. The dentist is amazing but their schedule is no longer worth the wait. I could hav

1 37 I gave them a good rating until I went in just to get my glasses tightened and one of the men working got up and left, he went to lunch with about 6 people waiting leaving one lady to help everyone. This is ridiculous and I sent my husband in and he just spent way over $300 the other day. I always got good service at Sams Club so maybe next time I'll switch!!! 

1 38 I had to go here  yesterday urgently because I had a tooth that was making me feel like I was going to die! I was able to get a same day appointment and didn't have to take much time off of work. They get an  A+ for that and showed they cared about their patients, especially the ones who like me were in crisis.  Upon entering the office the waiting room is quite small and not room for alot of people to sit at one time.  I didn't like the fact that she was verifying my insurance information, which included my name and date of birth, where everyone in the waiting room could hear.  That stuff should be done more discreetly or in another area away from where other patients can hear.   I wasn't seen immediately however it wasn't that long of a wait.  I was called into the back for an assessment and sent back to the waiting area while they prepared a pricing sheet for the work I needed.  They took about 20-30 minutes however I was unable to get the extra work and was only able to get the ext

1 39 I like this place. What I don't like, is getting off the bus in 100ยฐ+ weather outside and have to stand on my cane in the sun.Makes no sense at all. Can barely breathe out here. If you lock the doors for lunch, is there a seating area for ppl with physical disabilities outside somewhere? (never been told of 1 since I've been coming here) One day someone is going to pass out and you'll have to pay, if they haven't already.  This is a MEDICAL office, huh. Like they care, smh. Guess this office is either to special or too ghetto, I have no clue. This is a safety concern.  Time to find a place that let's ppl with disabilities inside out of  the "heat warning effect that been flashing on tv, obviously they don't care.

0 45 The doctors here CARE. They care the Forte Family is dropping the ball all over. They said get the referral and bring it back to them and they will call as a professional courtesy. They were horrified we'd had to wait this long! They were fast, professional, did everything they could, and are willing to fight for us to get the care we need. If there were more tan five stars they'd get them!

0 40 Dr. Tottori is an excellent doctor , Today I had an appointment at 11:30 am. I always take my time to go to the appointment specially because I live in the other side of the city,  Today unfortunately was car accident and I took extra 10 minutes to get out of it.  Got on the office 8 min later , the lady she didn't ask my name , second she didn't let to see the doctor because I have to reschedule.  I explain to her that I try to call and no one answer the phone , It was a car accident on the road.  One more time she told that I had to reschedule, told her can't wait more weeks I had been sick for a month and the medications they gave me didn't help me.  I was supposed to go on vacation tomorrow and I need something so my ears can explode on the flight and again they didn't care.  I know you have to be sharp on the appointment but it wasn't my fault, they didn't answer the phone and it was more important to them cancel my appointment so the can spend Christmas than my health.  I'll neve 

1 41 I will never go back to this place again. I have been buying eyeglasses at this store for approx 7 years.  i have bought about 2 pair every 2 years, and have always had a decent expeirience, except this time.  I will never go back.  Every aspect of the service was terrible.  There are not enough employees here, and they all have different specialities so you have to wait every time to get to a person who can help you.  i spent 4 hours on saturday there and 1 whole hour on the following monday waiting just to pick up.  If i hadnt already invested the time finding frames, and waiting around, i would have left, but once you start the process it is hard to walk out....  2 of the bad employee situations i witnessed:   A customer was in the middle of thier pick up, when one employee from behind a desk, shouted to the employee helping the customer, that he was having a problem with the punchcard computer and it wasnt registering his lunch hour.  the second employee then proceeded to leave the

1 42 I gave this place a 2nd chance since last time the manager reached out to me via yelp and was nice but boy am I sorry. I wish I could cancel my prescription, take the glasses back, and go somewhere else.  I visited this place last 7/28/16 Thursday and i was met by a young lady named Stephanie, she was very pushy for me to upgrade but I told her I didn't want to. I know that is her job but when the customer says "no, I don't want to see the glare free lenses" then u should not go get them. A no means no lady! Then she tried to sneak the extra in store warranty but I also told her no so she was upset. She said "let me check to see if these are on "back order".  She then told me I could pick up my new glasses on Monday Aug 1st after 10am. I went home and I thought that the conversation was odd so I called and Kate told me the glasses were ready. Ha!  I knew it! I could tell that girl was just mad. Also, the lady Care that answered the phone was very tacky and unprofessional talking to me 

1 11 This was my second attempt at getting a deal here which is elusive at best. Even with insurance, 2 pairs of glasses cost us over $200. This is the first pair of glasses I've bought since age 14 that did NOT fit properly at all! I'm trying to calm down before I go back to fix this fiasco. The glasses in 1 hour does not exist. You can ask and get your hand slapped. Go ahead. You're a big girl.   Last time I was there, I made the mistake of getting my exam at Red Rock Eye Care. I had a $10 copay for an exam and they tried to charge me $150 for me and my son, NOT including contact Rx! We were the only people there and forced to wait with an antsy 3 year old for over an hour. Then they didn't want to give me the Rx's until we cam back for another visit to check contact fitting! Total BS scam!   Then we exited eye doctor room into store where eyeglass world employees-all dudes-were hypnotized by twerk videos on YouTube. Classy. 

1 43 Came because I needed new glasses ASAP for traveling. Once I entered I was not greeted as I felt was appropriate im a RN and I been doin this for 10 yrs and I feel like the customer service was less than. Secondly they up-sale you on retinal screening for $39 dollars additionally if you wanted to use their machine. Thirdly the office was empty and I still waited 15 mins in the back waiting to see the Optometrist. Fourthly their eye glass selection was awful. Most of the racks were empty or with old glasses selection options with high price tags. The sales women that was there for the glasses was a little rude when I asked if there were other options or catalogs. How are catching an attitude with this awful selection. The Optometrist was friendly though, although he dilated my pupils and never waited so im not sure if thats new or not. Definitely will not return or recommend. Ill go back to nevada eye car physicians and wait timing wise over this route.

1 44 Filing a discrimination complaint first thing Monday morning. Went in today with my prescription to get reading glasses. I was actually okay with the almost 1-hour wait because it gave me time to browse frames. I finally got called by a worker named David. He reeked of very strong cigarette smoke, like 10 stale ash trays. Luckily for me, I had taken an allergy pill earlier in the day. But that's not even the reason for my complaint. This David guy did not even look at the prescription that I brought and had the nerve to judge me. I told him that my optometrist gave me a prescription for reading glasses. I had corrective eye surgery so I only need glasses for reading up close. David, who I'm sure is not a doctor AND didn't even look at my paperwork would roll his eyes at me when I spoke and made faces as if in disgust. (Who is he to do that, not like he's real easy on the eyes!) He said that both my eye surgeon and optometrist didn't do my surgery correctly because my vision is so poor 

1 45 I was referred to Dr McGee | Total Sports Medicine by another doctor for right shoulder pain / torn rotor cuff.  This practice is a teaching center for local kids. Before the doctor comes in one the these kids comes in and does an exam. Then the doctor comes in and does the same thing, shirt off, shirt on, shirt off again very annoying. The doctor was more concerned in talking to these kids than me trying to get to the button of my pain.   Then I'm rushed in for X-ray's. Dr McGee tells me after reviewing my MRI and his X-ray's he does feel my rotor cuff tear is bad enough for surgery and thinks my problem is my neck. Dr McGee orders an MRI on my neck. MRI showed some minor issues so , Dr McGee sends me to spine surgery doctor. Which put me on a wild goose chase with a few more doctors.   To make a long story short, I finally was referred to Dr Ong another shoulder knee doctor in the area. Dr Ong did surgery on both my left and right shoulder with in a six month time frame. I am now fin

1 46 Ok, since my first review was deleted let me clean it up a bit...   Soooo whenever I go to a doctor or optometrist the first thing I do is call and ask if my insurance is accepted.... all usually oblige and its easy peasy.... NOT HERE. Mike answers and I ask if he accepts my ins and he first says no then says yes but I MUST come in for them to call and verify it.... Shut the front door!? I then ask if there is any way he can just take my plan number and call and his response was no. I let him know I didnt want to trek to the le ghetto only to find out its not accepted and his response was "Ok, I gotchu" But I still had to go there. Curse the heavens!   I drive the 7 or 8 miles to this place, the parking hella terrible and unorganized, and you feel dirty just being there. I guess I'm some what spoiled bc leaving my Summerlin digs and coming here was not my cup of tea... that or mysophobia was in full force! I walk in and theres a sign up sheet. I notice theres 3 ppl in front of me and f

1 47 I went in for right shoulder pain from swimming.  This pain has been persistent 5 months.  The office and check in process was straight forward and they were running on time.  They performed an X-ray on the shoulder before I could even say hi.  Considering I was paying cash I would have liked to discuss that beforehand.  The doctor came into the office with three students.  He was more concerned about talking to them than I.  He did the standard shoulder tests of pulling and tugging.  I left without any diagnosis or treatment plan.  He literally suggested I research my condition online.  I could have done that without wasting an afternoon.  I was really hoping to at least get exercises or stretches I could do at home.

1 48 This place is ver disappointing all around!! Don't waste your time.  Appointment time 8am - therapist starts at 810am or later.   Cold table, no sheet to cover it or to cover myself. I always have to ask for a blanket.   Therapies- tens and heat pack for bad neck pain. I told them I can do that home. They did not change modalities.  They talk in the back all the time. Focus is not on their patients.   Parking is great for an 8am appointment.

1 49 I do not even know what to say. I have seen two different doctors and both have the personality of a cardboard.  The assistants are quite nice, but the doctors are not friendly, not helpful.  I was in and out in two seconds on my last visit and I am still having a problem.  Dr. Hall and Dr. Kim, I hope if either of you need a doctor you get treated the same, and get no care. Why become a doctor if you clearly do not want to see patients and help them feel better.

1 50 The optometrist himself was very knowledgable and helpful. He made some suggestions and gave some product recommendations to me regarding contact wear. I had just moved here from a more moist area so I had to adjust to wearing contacts in a more dry climate. The office itself is very clean and nice. They don't have the largest selection of eyewear but I am sure they can accommodate your needs.  I deducted three stars because the girl at the front desk was 'politely' rude and had quite a snobbish and unfriendly demeanor. She seemed to have an upper hand over her coworkers who were all older so I will assume she is his daughter because there was a digital photo frame up front with tons of photos of her modeling frames and trying to look sexy. How awkward, seriously get over yourself. If not for her standoffish demeanor, I would rate them 5 stars.  If you read their reply notes to low rating reviews on here you will notice that they are all not very nice! It is kind of intimidating to wri

1 16 I have Dr. Farley.  I'm happy with her since, I already know what I need.  I brought all my prescriptions in and she gave me refills for them.  I moved from Califoirnia.  I went through a string of medications.  It's normal until you find the few that works for you.  If you don't have good insurance, prescription creams and ointments are quite expensive. I see people are complaining about cost of creams or creams that doesn't work.  It's not the physcian's fault in a way.  You can call and ask what the cost is without insurance.   Everyone's skin is different.  My family uses different prescription for the similar/same problem.    My only complaint is, I obviously have an appointment.  Please call my insurance to verify my copay before I come in.  This will save me time in the waiting room (30minutes passed my appointment time), when it should be done already.  That's how many other successful appointments are.  Also about appointments, what dermatologist next opening is slot is within 

1 17 Looking for a new GYNO to remove and replace my IUD that Ive had FOREVER. Every other Gyno Ive had will happily run my insurance prior to my 1st appointment so that I can remove/replace in one day. But apparently this Dr wants you to take 1 appointment to remove and come back for a second appointment to replace while allegedly running insurance in between. Nice way to milk my insurance, my specialist copays, and run a chance for me to get knocked up. No thanks. I'll go elsewhere to more ethical Doctors. 

0 19 All written previously is quickly going down the drain. It's been nearly 3 weeks and no glasses! Far from the 7-10 days as promised. My only reason for the 4 star rating is due to my having to wait an hour from the time my appointment was scheduled (2pm) till I actually was seen by the Dr. @ 3pm. The extended wait was due by the apparent success of the Groupon ads which I heard mentioned by practically everyone there. The staff was kind and courteous and the exam was very thorough. The selection of frames was a bit limited (about 200) but sufficient and carried many of the top brands. I like a full service meaning exam and glasses all in one-so this works! The cost was a bit more than expected but most likely due to my insurance limiting their coverage ( same would have happened no matter where I went). Overall, love my new glasses which will be ready in 7 days. Would recommend, but expect a wait as they play in the Groupon world-which from the likes of biz-is a good decision. 

1 24 Update: 3/28/2019  Well, guess what? I got the same bills, all over again! They've already withdrawn funds from our account (as we've paid this bill at least twice now) and guess what? We get another bill. For the same amount. If you go here, you will keep getting billed. Once they get their claws into you, you will never be free. I so despise this place. 

1 27 0 stars for this whack pack.  When I went there were at least 30 others waiting...my wrist broken for 3 weeks before they saw me....waited an hour past my appointment, looks at my wrist, xrays it and says, "oh its broken".  (NO SHIT SHERLOCK)  Tells me to get a brace in adjoining room, they were out of my size...will call....its been 20 months and they still haven't called.  Bought my own brace...ABSOLUTE WASTE OF MEDICAL INSURANCE ON THESE SCAMMERS, They did nothing for my broken wrist.    ****WARNING*****Do not go to this company, you will get little to no help. 

1 28 Its adorable how their office has flagged my reviews of this office 3 times, what? you dont want people to know how unprofessional your office is or that you are just about the money. Yelp, stop sending me emails, that this may or may not be an honest review dont allow me to really post the bills I am receiving from these CROOKS when they have not done anything FOR ME, changing employees left and right and their employees stating we will not be sending you a bill BECAUSE THE DOCTOR DID NOT DO ANYTHING FOR YOU! yet  im still receiving a bill for Several 100's of dollars in medical costs for what?!? placing a light up my nose? Having me wait what? not once not twice every appointment for several hours to see the doctor and literally have a hi and bye app. I Left amicably with this office and with Dr. Kwatowski i WILL not have this doctor operate on my face. SIMPLIFIED. Stop changing staff SO I CAN GET A STRAIGHT ANSWER on why I am still receiving bills from this office.   YELPERS SAVE YO 1

0 32 Dr. Candice is very nice, she helped me with my hair problems and she made me feel very comfortable every visit. I can see she has a beautiful relationship with her staff. The con is you have to wait quite a bit sometimes and also she did a procedure on my face that didn't really work not even after the retouched. Not sure the proper name of the procedure but she eliminate what I believe is sebaceous hyperplasia with some kind of electro needle, while some of them reduced their size, they're growing back and others didn't go away at all. I'll recommend her, altho I gotta say I used to like her even more before; when her practice wasn't that into cosmetic and plastic surgery, but more into dermatology issues. But I understand that's what makes money, and what probably makes patients visit more often.  


 ###### Service  positive ######
1 2 I have been coming to Image Dental since April 2015. I began my relationship with Image Dental by first receiving their teeth cleaning services and eventually I asked about a consultation for braces and they were able to provide the consultation for free. Since then, I have been coming regularly for my orthodontist appointments and teeth cleanings.   The staff is most welcoming, everyone from the front desk to the doctors are incredible and are genuinely concerned about how satisified you are with your smile. They are always prepared to alleviate any confusion with insurance coverage, co-pays, etc...   Have a busy schedule and don't have time to see the dentist? The Image Dental staff does everything in their power to work with your schedule and address your needs.

1 4 They seem to have way more patients then they can handle at times. So sometimes it takes a long time to be seen. But they are very good at what they do it's well worth the wait. The staff is very professional.

1 5 Kate!!!! See her! She was super helpful with choosing and offering the glasses for my daughter. She went over and above to apply any discounts and offering 13 an under protection plan. I'm am well pleased and we are even able to pick up her glasses same day! Thanks Kate!

1 6 It's a good place the staff is friendly and very good at there job. Again this place gets busy so you need to be patient and you will be seen in a timely manner

1 2 We were looking for a good deal on Glasses for that after 40 eye thingy.  Eyeglass world was a pleasant surprise.   My husband and I both agreed that the eye exam was one of the most thorough we've ever had.  He checked everything, far, close, reading, computer, light, dark, etc.  Then gave many lens and power options.  The eye exam was $68 each.  I ended up chosing a no line bifocal for reading reports and computer use.  and for my free pair a straight reading pair.   My husband got a no line bifocal for distance and reading and a Calvin Klein distance sunglass for driving.   They kind of hit you hard for all the lens upgrades like no glare and no scratch, etc.  We passed on most of it and the glasses are fine.   There are frames to choose from $79 to $300.   With most buy one, get one free.   All four pairs of glasses were ready by the end of the day.  The staff was friendly and efficient.    A good deal all around. 

1 7 I enjoyed the doctors that work here. Some of the staff I can deal without having to speak to at every time at the front desk. All the assistance to the doctors are amazing. We have to come minimum once a week for shots for three years but it is made a difference in the kids allergies more than any medicine they've been on for their whole lives

1 8 Had my teeth cleaned by Hazel there. She was good. Efficient and kind. However, I waited 20mins in the lobby, then after the cleaning, waited another hour in the chair. Ended up walking out. I get the feeling they just don't care anymore. Used to be great service. Not feeling that anymore.

1 9 I called and spoke to Ian at dr Yu's office, made sure my insurance was in network than made an appointment.  Very nice and answered all the questions I had. (Which was a lot)   Ian made it simple and even emailed me the paperwork. (Saved me time once I got in)  The office is clean and nice, was immediately greeted when I came in.    About 10-15 minutes later I believe Julio came to get us, explained  what he was going to do.(x rays) We go to a room and wait, a few minutes later Dr. Yu comes in.   I was impressed with Dr.Yu from the start, he didn't try to rush into surgery he gave us all the facts and made sure we understood everything.  We had to get an MRI and follow back up. Upon getting the results we all decided surgery would be the best choice.   Susie the surgery scheduler contacted us and confirmed the date. Handled the insurance and made it super simple.   Today is a month since surgery, my son is doing great!! Dr Yu's staff is available whenever we have questions. I couldn't

1 10 Where to start! LOVE this dental office...best one in town! Here is a description of what to expect on your visit: walk in to the office to be greeted by the happiest front desk staff I have ever seen so far. The ladies always have a smile on and manage to make your wait time which is very little to none very pleasant. After an assistant will take you to your room (very up to date equipment) and get you ready for your procedure that day and finally once ready Dr. Rana comes to do the work with the most professional and loving care a dr can have!!!!!! She spoils you like there's no tomorrow (I of course don't like dentists) but she always seems to make me enjoy being there!!! So thumbs up for that doc!!!! I can say that finally my dental health is where it should be and I owe this to this great group of professionals!!!!!

1 11 Staff is very helpful and friendly. We saw Thomas Chu, PA-C. He was awesome! Very easy to speak with and he actually listened to our concerns about our son. They were running behind but everyone was very nice and apologized for the inconvenience (and it wasn't even that bad, we get it they are a doctors office and they were busy) Overall a great office, I'm surprised they only have 3 stars!

1 12 Yeah, I moved to Scottsdale almost a year ago. Yeah, I drove all the way to Vegas, just to see my old dentist in Las Vegas. Why, you ask? Because he IS the best.  I paid my first visit to Dr. Tran almost a year ago, and saw his deal on Yelp back when I didn't have insurance. You can see my old review, where he only charged me $40 bucks for a cleaning and X-Rays.  Yesterday, I was proud to come back to him and bring him my problematic mouth to fix again. I won't go into the gory details, but I knew I could trust him, and once again, he came through with his awesome professional care!  This office is great. Dr. Tran and the staff do a great job in making sure that you feel safe and painless, if you are getting a cleaning, or even getting things drilled. The digital X-rays are pretty cool because you can see close-ups of EVERYTHING.  The staff is very chatty! This is a MAJOR MAJOR strength and helps ease any anxiety you may have. You'll feel like you are hanging out with friends. And if y 

1 13 I go to Dr. Tran and he's awesome.  Everyone in the office from hygienists to the office staff are friendly and welcoming.  The office makes you feel like you're part of the family and will take care of you as such.  I've always thought that if there was such a thing as an existentialist hell, mine would be going to the dentist, but not anymore!

1 14 I have nothing but great things to say about this office and Dr Kristen! The ease of making an appt was great, the front dest person, Maryann was super sweet and helpful and the help that they all did with as many times as I've called and stopped in to get me in the right pair of contacts was exactly what I needed. This is the first time I tried contacts and I feel completely confident in this office!

1 15 I just want everyone to know this store have the best service and the nicest people working there. I walked in with several pairs of glasses in need of repair.they took me right away, the lady that help me started on them right away. I rand a 15 min errand, and when I return my glasses were done as well as polished. I asked how much and the service was free. Seriously when was the last time someone repairs anything for free. If you ever are I need of eyeglasses don't go anywhere else so impressed.

1 16 Had to go get a new pair of glasses. They were so helpful when it came to picking out a style that looked good... or at least I was comfortable wearing in public. I was very happy with the personal attention I received both when picking out my glasses and when I got them back a week or so later.   The prices aren't cheap, but neither are the glasses. Gucci, Coach, Oakley... don't expect your insurance to cover everything, but then again my insurance wont cover Costco's prices 100%. (and I have very good insurance)  I also like that if you buy your contacts through them they will give you free solution.  Mainly, I just liked the fact that it seemed like they cared about their customer. I will be back because of the great customer service.

1 17 Went in for an eyeglass repair. Service was good and repair was good. It was kind of a long wait ... About an hour ... But no charge to repair my frames so good deal overall. Staff was helpful enough I may get my next pair here.

1 18 Dr. Tottori and his staff has provided excellent care for my son since he was about 4 months old.  He's two years old now and I'm still singing his praises. He's caring and sits and listens to all our concerns. He doesn't discount anything we asked him about and gave us his own personal advice on things he's done with his kids when they came across the same conditions.

1 19 On New Years day I had a hiking accident that left me unable to stand or walk to the point of having to be air lifted from a steep mountain location by LVMPD search and rescue due to a detached quad tendon. I called a close friend who is a sports trainer that got me a referral to Dr. McGhee. I got in to see him right away despite the holidays for an assessment. Surgery was performed about a week later due to scheduling issues. Here I am 8 weeks later and I'm getting around pretty well with no pain. The incision scar is healing nicely. My leg experienced muscle atrophy which is normal but I can now achieve a 90 degree bend which makes a huge difference in my mobility. I am grateful to have my tendon reattached and making progress to a healthy recovery. Brian who is an assistant there is awesome. Very quick replies to my emails.

1 20 Still feel the same way about coming here. Everyone is friendly. The girls giving the shots are great always so professional and gentle. I highly recommend this place! I have been trying to go in at least 2 times a week to get my allergies under control.

1 21 Not much I can say about Image Dental other than that they were awesome!  I hate going to the dentist, as does everyone, but Dr. Tran and his staff made me feel very comfortable.  I had a crown done and had so little pain inflicted upon me because of it... I barely even felt when the novacaine was injected.  I'll definitely be visiting Image Dental or Dr. Tran's other office as long as he is practicing and I am in Vegas!

1 22 My husband first went to Dr. Tran and raved and raved about him.  So, when I finally overcame my fear and hatred of the dental office, I also went to Dr. Tran and now I am singing his praises too.  The ENTIRE Image Dental office is awesome.  From the front desk staff, to the dental hygienists, and of course Dr. Tran.  This is the first time in my life that I actually look forward to my visits (and not only because it is an hour when I can put my feet up, sit in a comfy reclined chair, and not have 2 kids fighting for my attention).    Every single visit has been professional, kind, and compassionate.  The office is modern and state of the art.  It is obvious that the staff takes pride in their work.  I am so glad my husband was recommended Dr. Tran, because I now have a smile that I can be proud of too.

1 23 I saw a total of four orthopedic surgeons and chose Dr. Joseph Yu. He saw things on my MRI that none of the other physicians or even the radiologist noticed. This was vital in determining what surgery would be best for me. He takes his time when he is with you and answers all your questions. He is a true physician that is not trying to up sell what is needed, unlike many surgeons I have encountered. Las Vegas is truly blessed to have this man offering orthopedic care to the community.

1 24 Everyone in the place were very nice and welcoming. The wait was pretty long, but I expected it since I just walked-in, didn't make an appointment. I was surprised on how much less I paid than I expected. The service was great, it was cheap. Overall, it's a great place to get glasses, or eye exams.

1 25 My St. Jude SCS Rep recommended that I go here for physical therapy - and I am beyond thrilled with the treatment I have received.  Having previously been to a PT in town that was "assembly line" style, I was a bit afraid.  But this is NOT an assembly line!  This is individual attention to the max.  And it is professional and caring.  The staff makes me feel like we are on the same team, their only goal is to help me get stronger.  I can't express in words how happy I am that I can get my PT here.  They adhere to the goals and they make sure that I am never in pain from the exercises.  You can't find a better place in this valley for PT.  Brandon is always available if you have any questions.  It may sound weird, but I actually like going here - I know that their dedication is sincere and that is very important to maintaining my health.

1 26 I have been going here for a few months now. The staff is always friendly. The Dr and the PA are very understanding and try everything to help you with any issues. Hopefully they will be able to get my allergies under control. I highly recommend this practice if your looking for a new Dr!

1 27 Awesome place! Dr Mcgee is a miracle worker. He did an amazing job getting my son back to normal after a horrific injury and he took the time to explain each step. After going from doctor to doctor I'm glad we found him.

1 28 I loooove the friendly staff, super clean facility and amazing work they have done with my teeth!

1 30 I had a great experience at Jackson physical therapy after recent back injury where I was referred by my physician Dr. Rosler. From the first phone call I made, to when I walked out the door the staff made my visit easy and comfortable.   I was offered paperwork e-mailed to me ahead of time, I was offered an option an appointment days and times, the receptionist was friendly on the phone and very kind upon my arrival. My future appointments were set up quickly, and even though my appointment time seem to be at 'rush hour' you would never have known.  The main physical therapist taking care of me is Kevin Thomason. He takes his time and listens to what I have to say about my recent injury and was careful about what I could do and not do during the appointment and afterward at home. Kevin is personable and explains exactly how he relates to injuries having had injuries himself. So he knows exactly what you're going through.   He always told me what to expect during the appointment and af

1 32 Had my 1st time physical therapy experience here today and it was exceptionally good. The facility is very clean and staff are very friendly. Even with just one session with Brandon, he already pumped up my courage and confidence knowing that I will get better under his care. If you are afraid of the pain from physical therapy like I do, this is the place for you because you will walk out feeling great and totally forget about your pain. Highly recommended to everyone.

1 33 I have been going here for awhile now and it's been awhile since I left a review.  I still feel the same way about this place!!! They are great!   I usually see Thomas Chu, I had a cough since before December of last year. He got it under control. No one else I seen could do it.  I am still going here now every other week for my allergy shots. There are some who give the shots and you don't even feel it!!  Great Dr office if your looking for a allergist. They have 2 locations which makes it convenient for where you live.

1 5 Last week, I took advantage of the awesome $40 new patient offer (cleaning, xrays and exam). I must say, that I was a bit nervous, considering that I hadn't been in to see a DDS for nearly six years.   When I met up with the good doctor, he gave me a through exam, and cleaning. This $40 deal came in handy because I currently dont have dental insurance.   Unfortunately, I did need a procedure, but not visiting a dentist for six years may have had something to do with that.   Dr. Tran was very gentle care careful. It was evident throughout the anesthesia and procedure that MY comfort came first, and that he would go to any length to make sure that I wouldn't be in too much pain.  Now that its about a week later, I feel good. The treatment plan that Dr. Tran provided helped me, and has me on my way towards superb dental health.  He really is the most fantastic dentist I've ever been to. He is careful, informative and cares about your comfort. Can't say that about the other dentists that I 

1 34 everyone is really helpful and Jeffrey made and its comfortable and is close by my house definitely coming back

1 35 Staff are very friendly and pleasant. Doctor genuinely cared and did not rush through the appointment . Great eye ware selection, a little pricy, but you get what you pay for. I highly recommend doing business with Seven Hills Vision Center. The office is clean and inviting. I have only one suggestion, and that is to repair or replace the carpet behind the front desk, this is the first thing I noticed when walking in the front door. Everything else was great and state of the art equipment was maintained and in good condition.  It's great when a business gets it... Customers just want to be treated with respect I know a few businesses that could learn this basic philosophy.  Cheers,

1 36 I had my physical therapy at Jackson approximately 3 years ago. My only reason for posting a review this long after the fact is that I wasn't using Yelp at that time.  I went to therapy for my knee after an orthoscopic surgery for approximately 10 weeks and they did a fantastic job. Kind, caring and compassionate staff who really helped and sincerely cared about my well being.  I would highly recommed Jackson Physical Therapy to my friends, family and you.

1 37 I have been coming here for three years and I have never had an issue. The staff is extremely friendly and they explain each procedure in detail. They never try to up sell you eith the latest and greatest and they are honest when it comes to work that you need asap and work that can wait. My husband always has issues with visiting the dentist and they are super understanding and helpful.

1 38 Entire staff is very professional and pleasant. Dr. Tottori took his time with us and thoroughly explained everything. Glad I listened to a friend and came to this office.

1 40 First time seeing an allergist. I was very nervous going in because I had been experiencing allergy symptoms to my brand new kitten and didn't want her to be the cause of it. I also get anxious around doctors so not really where I wanted to be. The staff is AMAZING and so is Dr. Tottori!They are super nice and knowledgeable. The Dr. takes his time to ask you questions and find out what the issue is. The staff preps you on everything and walk you through all the steps that are going to happen.   Tatum was amazing! She did all of the tests on me and comforted me along the way. Her positive reinforcement during the tests helped a lot! She was funny and listened to my needs and answered questions the best way she could. Tatum was also like this with everyone, I could hear her performing the not so fun breathing test on others and she was cheerful and motivating. She reviewed my results with me in detail and explained everything I needed to do with patience and clarity.

1 41 Fast service!  I had set my glasses down and accidentally leaned on it breaking the frames. This was during our overnight trip to Utah.. then when we got back to Vegas we found an Eyeglass World by chance... we happened to be at the wrong location while looking for a Hawaiian restaurant which was actually on Durango Drive. After having lunch we came back to this location and I was assisted by Ed. This tall 6-foot man came over to help me. He was able to find the same frames I originally had purchased back home in Roseville and lucky for me they had them in stock. They still offered the 2 for $78 frames sale so he just popped in the old lenses on one of my new frames and yay! I can read stuff on my phone again! The whole transaction and replacement frames took less than 30 mins to complete. As a walk-in customer with no appointment scheduled I was impressed with the service.  I referenced Ed's height because he said he was half Filipino... I said "no way" (plus he didn't look anything h

1 42 Prompt and quick service. Doctor explained everything in lay man's language. Very efficient and knowledgeable staff.

1 43 Dr. Lisa Hoang is AWESOME!  It's been a few years since I've been to a dentist so I was so not looking forward to this visit but to my surprise, Dr. Hoang answered all my questions and totally made me feel at ease in understandable language.    The hygienist did a great job with my cleaning-pain free and showed me how to brush and floss my teeth correctly.  I had no idea I have been brushing too hard and flossing the wrong way.    I was scared that I was going to need tons of work.  Luckily, I only needed a filling! Dr. Hoang explained everything to me before she even started. And as she did the filling, she constantly asked if I was okay.  Nothing hurt and I was completely relaxed.    DEFINITELY FOUND MY GO-TO DENTIST!  WOOHOO!

1 44 Just called in made an easy appointment. Lady on the phone was very professional and patient. They have availability. Accepts my insurance, and open on weekends. I really can't wait until my appointment as i have not worn my glasses since high school and I'm as blind as a bat. I just hope i find the perfect fit or maybe even contacts. Who knows. I'll update later.

1 10 I can't understand why anyone would give this place anything but a five star review. I walked in with no appointment in the middle of the afternoon. I waited all of 15 minutes for my eye exam that was under $80 without insurance. From there I got two beautiful pairs of Ray Bans which were buy one get one free. All said and done for under $300 bucks. Friendly and helpful staff in both the eye doctors office and the glasses shop. I've got my last three or four pairs of glasses here and will continue to. 

1 46 Amazing experience at Total Sports Medicine with Dr. Mcgee.  I had SEVERE tendonitis on my medial epicondyle (golfer's elbow) for 2 years.  I had done active release therapy, every type of physical therapy under the sun, ice/hot treatments, cryotherapy and nothing worked.    I got a PRP injection here and it almost completely cured the problem.  To clarify, it didn't mask the problem, it cured the problem.  PRP is a quick procedure that involves taking out your blood, filtering out the growth factors and platelets and injecting it into the problem area.  The idea is that you are putting concentrated healing factors that your body naturally produces into the problem area to increase healing.  I got one injection in each elbow then a follow up a few months later.  100% healed.    The office staff is very friendly and professional, the office itself is clean, and the treatment that I got from Dr. Mcgee completely cured my tendonitis/tendonosis.  I highly recommend visiting here if you hav

1 47 I had some scheduling issues with this office earlier this week and was extremely upset. A couple of days later, I received a call from this office and they resolved my issues. I really appreciate the fact that they went above and beyond for me. I really needed a cleaning and they were able to fit me in. Their team is amazing!!! I have been coming here for years and their service is second to none. You might have to wait a bit for an appointment but you will thank yourself for it.

1 48 A great physical therapy clinic in the Southwest area. Conveniently located on Durango and Tropicana; it's super easy to get to. The office is recently and beautifully renovated. Staff is always super friendly and professional. Casey truly cares and is very attentive to your recovery to better health.   The girls up front, Sydney and Samantha, always have a smile on and are always happy to see you. If you are in need of physical therapy, a place where you'll have to visit multiple times a week, you want to find an office that's positive and makes you feel like a part of a family.  This is the place to go! Highly recommended!!

1 49 1st eye exam I've ever had.... The staff was great & so was the Dr. I bought a Groupon & it was well worth it!!! They were so nice & helpful & I never felt like they were trying to up sale me on anything!!!! I highly recommend this place!!!!

1 50 I see Dr. Tom Waliser and he is amazing. I am comfortable with him, he's caring and genuinely listens to my concerns. I wish I could use him for all of my healthcare needs. He's probably the best doctor I've ever had! I highly recommend him!!!

1 2 Wow. The doctor is amazing. He made me feel very comfortable. He explained everything he was looking for when he was looking in my eye. He made me feel really relaxed. It was awesome. The tech Don is awesome too. He was really cool and informative. Exam was an ease. I was late a few minutes to my appointment because of traffic. I called them and they were really accommodating. I found out that I was their last customer and felt bad but they said not to worry. After the exam, I went to pick out my new glasses. I totally forgot the girl's name:( she was very helpful. She helped me pick a few and helped me eliminate the ones that were not for me. I needed up with Ray Bans which is amazing. My glasses should be ready in a week but the service was spectacular, I had to write a review first lol. I'll update once I get my glasses but I would recommend this place to everyone! Oh and check out their groupon too. Amazing prices. Yay. ;) 

1 14 My first visit to Glo Med Spa last month was all I wished for when spending the money and time to revamp my skin. My career puts my skin thru the stresses and when I had begun to lose my glow and starting looking tired, NOT just feeling it, I started asking around to my friends who frequent med-spas in Scottsdale. Charles Small came highly recommended more than once !  My first visit I told him what I wanted my dull skin to look like and what my budget was. He took the time to explain what he could do and didn't attempt to push any more services or products on me. As a result, I left very happy with the results of a little Juvaderm around my eyes. I even had a Yelp check in offer for a B12 injection that month, which I asked him to explain, since I wasn't sure about it. He explained that if I am a regular vitamin taker, which I am, and I workout, which I do, then I may not notice much from the injection. I did get a little burst of energy, AND, to be honest , IF I was headed to Cabo or 


