 ###### Price  negative ######
0 19 Wow! Where to even begin? So, after several years of abuse and neglect, we decided to have our carpets cleaned again. Mind you, we have three dogs and a 12yo. Needless to say, our carpets (being a very light color) were damn near black in some high traffic areas.   We were talking about who to have come clean the carpets. I have used Turbo Cleaners (they did a good job but, we decided to try someone else) and ZeroRez (I was not impressed as after a week or so, it looked like the carpets hadn't been done). We found Noble Carpet Cleaners, They had stellar reviews across Yelp, FB and Google.   We contacted Noble and received a call back from Samantha to quote me a price and give me options. Sam called me a couple of days later to schedule. We went over everything from how many rooms, pets, stains, etc. She told me she would have Gene (one of the owners) come himself and gave me a quote. Sam scheduled my appointment for the next morning with a two hour window. The day of service, 12-20-201 

1 5 I find this place expensive, and the customer service isn't always the greatest, but it's really close in the neighborhood. However, I have had a few good experiences. Then again, it's a FedEx Kinko's...I'm not sure what all I should expect out of it. I don't ever have to wait long in order to fax! That's a plus! And it's not the post office!

1 6 I wasn't even going to write a review but the cost of faxing something is so damn high, I had to say something. 7 sheets to fax: $7 !!!!! A dollar a sheet! i thought it would be similar to "copies, .25" I don't think i'll ever go back.

0 7 Before I slay this place, I'm going to qualify it. I'm usually fond of dive-y, aging places. Be they restaurants, bars or shopping malls. But this place is just too, too sad.   The drug store is a Pharma Plus (yes, that's still a thing) and the rest of it is just graveyard-like hallways of dirty brown brick floors and places to buy air conditioners.   Yes, there's an LCBO and a FreshCo, and thankfully for your faith in humanity you don't need to go inside the mall proper to enter these shops necessary to daily life.   PEPPER'S POLL: This is where my voting station was, so it gets one extra star... for democracy. 

0 8 Galleria Mall's a bit on the grubby side. Unlike Dufferin Mall farther south, it hasn't had a makeover and looks pretty dated (early 1970s would be my best guess). The halls feel a bit claustrophobic, even with few people around, thanks to the low vaulted ceilings.  Don't expect anything high-end at this mid-sized mall; the main stores are Zellers and Price Chopper (not that I'm not a fan of them). There are some bargain/kitschy knick-knack stores here too, so if you're in the market for, say, a big plastic crucified Jesus, you can get it here. 

1 9 the guy is friendly. the people before me were chatting it up and it was obvious they knew the guy well. i liked that. i didnt mind waiting while they took their time. he was honest and informative when i asked about using boxes to ship internationally. i could use my own but its not by certain standards and are not guaranteed if the contents are damaged. thats why his boxes are a little more expensive but they have insurance and durability for the trip.

1 11 If you're not an account holder be prepared to pay eight dollars to cash a check, this is absurd the bankers were comfortable even saying it, the check is drawn off of chase bank and I have to pay them to give me my money if I'm not an account holder, the world is changing I'll just go to my bank and deposited it!!  should've done in the first place.

1 42 Since The Arizona Republic disemboweled itself (corporate-style) earlier this year, they took an already weak big-city daily (which relied heavily on AP wire stuff) and are flying downhill.  Never mind the fact that the paper is routinely criticized for being in bed with downtown, big-business and real estate interests.  Very rarely does the paper take courageous investigative approaches - they instead settle for overly focused watered down community reporting.    I rarely turn to the USA Today-owned Republic for my news consumption because the reporting is rarely comprehensive or relevant.  .   When your serious big-city newspaper finds itself having to resort to social networking web strategies to keep the lowest common denominator satisfied, you know your newspaper has lost any shred of credibility.   Next! 

1 16 Dismal.  Ugly interior primarily inhabited by worn looking old people and shady looking characters.  The Zellers is quite small.  Parking set-up is inconvenient.  The center area of the mall has a large empty space which looks  like a good setting for a Romero zombie movie - I can picture them all hanging out in there munching.  The non-anchors are tawdry cheap looking junk stores.  I only went here because I needed to go to the PetValu since my local one did not have what I was looking for.  Since I now know it has a separate outside entrance, I don't need to darken the doors of this creepy place again.

0 17 I love thrift stores but I'll take my chances elsewhere from this Goodwill location. It is very stereotypical of what you would think a thrift store is:  filthy, cluttered, disorganized, musty smelling, pure junk clothing, and men who will stare you down while you shop.   Good luck trying to find any decent furniture, even some that you don't mind re-finishing! There was not even a couple of nice basic pieces that I could take home and work with. I understand that some people might not have an option, but if you have a car with gas in it go somewhere else. The prices are pretty much the same as a nicer Savers or the like. 

1 18 I have been to the following libraries in the Vegas area: Sahara West, Spring Valley, West Charleston and Clark County.   This library is HUGE, it doesn't feel as claustrophobic as the Spring Valley library on Flamingo@Jones. The Clark County library is pretty huge too, but the layout of that library is pretty damn confusing, whereas Sahara West is always easy to navigate. Sahara West and West Charleston are definitely my two favorites(and they have the best selections out of the 4 I've been to).   It's a pretty interesting building architecture wise. Art is also a central part of the place(it used to be attached to the Las Vegas Art Museum), but they have really toned the art aspect down in recent times unfortunately.   I do have a few gripes though: one major problem I have noticed here is that the shelves have a tendency to have as many as 10 copies of a really popular/in-demand item, which makes it kind of hard to find more interesting, lesser-known items at times. Also, I really w

1 20 Went to ship an item and they straight away shipped via fed ex. Most expensive. I didn't care since I looked at the receipt when I got home. Oh well. Them realized that it was the slowest method too. Usps would have got the old there for less and faster. Not a good business practice.  Please be aware and ask for shipping options or you will be stuck in a situation like I was. Good luck.

1 21 I'm not a big 99 cent store shopper. Guess I'm a snob. Now that I'm pinching pennies I'm going to Savers AND the dollar stores! I do wish they wouldn't call them dollar  or 99 cent stores when their prices are more than a dollar, though. I bought a four-pack of toilet paper, a two-pack of paper towels and one box of generic tissue and spent $13.00.   This store was a typical smaller store- a bit crowded with stuff. It had plenty of brand name items.  During the time I was there I found the teenage staff to be standing in a corner gossiping, and the other one engaged in an activity for which one of the boxes of Kleenex would have been more appropriate than his apron. But I digress. I paid for my stuff without standing in a line and was in/out rapidly.  I guess shopping in the middle of a Friday has its benefits.

0 26 When your eye falls on it for the first time, Galleria feels like the Castle that Sleeping Beauty was hidden in: unapproachable and quite scary. There's a moat of vicious sea gulls in the parking lot as well as some questionable characters keeping aforementioned vicious seagulls company. Once you've taken a gander inside, it feels like a pre-fairy-godmother-approved-makeover Cinderella: not very comely ( or in Galleria's case, not comely at all) but very utilitarian!  There's a pharmacy with a CANADA POST COUNTER! The folks at this Canada Post Counter should be the poster boys for how  informative, helpful and nice public service employees can and should be!   Moving on, there's a TD Bank as well: I've had bad experiences with incompetent, though personable, staff at this location.  There are two lovely sisters who are great seamstresses and will take the stress out of all of your clothes at very reasonable prices.  Price Chopper is a last ditch place to do groceries. I have got some g 

0 31 Unfortunately, this is where shopping malls go to die. Hopefully things will change now with Zellers clearing out their stock and making way for Target to open early next year.  Outside of Zellers, Price Chopper, Rexall, and the LCBO there isn't really much here. There's a Royal Le Page which I can never tell if it's supposed to be a storefront where you can meet with a realtor or just advertising for places for sale. Either way, they're not doing a good job.   There's a handful of other independent stores that cover the electronics, clothing,  and dollar categories among a few others. 

1 35 Government inefficiency at its finest.  The cost keep going up because of union entitlements. yeah! We as tax payers get to shoulder the burden.  Mail should only be delivered 4-5 days a week.  All the junk mail and bills are welcome to stay at these facilities as long as they want to keep them.

1 36 worst place in the world, stay away---- if the gov't wants to save money shut these doors and fire everyone inside ..

1 39 Galleria Mall gets 2 stars because it's a quintessential example of those ugly 1970s malls that litter all of Toronto. If you are in desperate need of a dollar store, a no-name electronics shop where you can get no-name knock off electronics, phone cards, cheap polyester clothing, and things in this vein, the Galleria is the place to be.  It's also worth a trip to watch degenerates try and by liqueur at the LCBO. (This has happened everytime I've been -- though I may have bad luck.)

1 43 Ok guys, I have to add my two cents about this mall. If you were to go to The Galleria Shopping Centre today for the first time, you would think the mall sucks. You would think that it's dated, dingy, and sometimes smells funny. However, if you have some past connection to this mall, like I do, you will find it strangely endearing. In a time when so many malls are owned by Cadillac-Fairview, and so many malls look exactly the same, it's kind of refreshing to see good old Galleria, still stuck in the 1970s and unapologetically so.   I remember going to this mall as a child. I remember when the FreshCo was a Food City, and the Rexall was a Boots (yep, the drugstore chain from the UK, they actually had them in Canada, once upon a time). There was a Towers in this mall (not the record store, but a discount store similar to Target and Kmart). The mall area (not inside the stores, but the common area) looked exactly the same! I remember people would go there and hang out, but not in a sketch

1 44 It's an okay place, not much to do here. Some cheap boutiques selling mostly junk. A rexall and grocery store.

1 46 I only go here to ship.  And I bring my airline friend along for the discount. the end.

1 49 For God's sake,  do not give these hideous people a nickle.  They've spent the last year tearing down trump and then wrote an editorial supporting "that woman". So, they were wrong.  Could they accept defeat? No.  They are doubling down on their failed agenda by publishing untrue click bait articles on Facebook trying to bolster their pathetic choices. I hope the readership drops to zilch. Like Obama said: "elections have consequences" . You,  az republic. Are reaping the rewards of your hubris.

0 18 I had a rather unusual problem. During a recent move I had locked the cabinet style door of a very nice end table I have to protect it . Unfortunately after the move I couldn't unlock the door. What looked like a pin inside the lock had broken off inside the end of the  key.  Based on Yelp reviews (thank you all) I contacted Silverstate Locksmith by email and within five minutes heard back from Ezra the owner. He sent his technician Vitali who arrived within 20 minutes. Vitali checked the lock, determined that the pin belonged inside the locking mechanism and was there to keep the key centered during the lock/unlock process. He was able to unlock the door for me with no damage to the door or lock. Vitali did a great job, for a reasonable price. I'm very pleased with my experience with Silverstate; thank you Ezra and Vitali. 

0 41 I had Yelp scope out a blind replacement project for me. There were [3] different vendors, including Blackjack Blinds. I had all [3] vendors come over to price-quote my house.  Geoff came over on the scheduled day and time specified. He wasn't late and arrived on-time. When he came in. I had mentioned how I had a lot of broken blinds, or just missing blinds from when I had bought the house. He had drafted up [3] different quotes  1) Faux Blind [nice trimming] with just the blind replacement windows 2) Faux blind [nice trimming] with replacement of all blinds in the house 3) Shutters for the entire house  He had mentioned that upon placing the order, it would take [2] weeks to build and ship. The first initial payment of 50% would need to be placed and then completed after the build-out.  After reviewing his price with other vendors for the same specifications and build, he came in at around 30-40% lower than the rest of the vendors. Blackjack blinds has great pricing and I would highly 

0 42 I tend to avoid 5 star reviews, but this place deserves it.  The only negative thing I can say is that their hours are inconvenient to me.  My brakes had been squeaking for a couple years.  I had taken it into 3 different dealerships and over 5 times overall.  Every time I got the same answer that there was nothing wrong and was just a bit dirty.  On my last trip to the dealership I was notified that the brakes were starting to get low and I should replace in the next 5000 miles or so.  Anyways, I took the car into Professional Brake Service.  There actually was a problem with the brakes (some sort of alignment or something).  Jeff was glad to explain in detail, but I was in a bit of a hurry.  I was fixed up within a couple of hours.  Additionally, it seems that the pads weren't low as the dealership told me.  Jeff told me that I actually had plenty of brakes left and could easily go 10s of thousands more more miles.  They were honest and well priced....in the world of auto repair that 


 ###### Price  positive ######
0 18 more bigger than the other library in west charleston up stairs& down stairs plus art gallery and meeting rooms 

0 2 Friendly and quick service even though the prices were outrages. $45 to ship my laptop across the country? Well, I guess you got me there. I would've been better off paying a small child to smuggle it through the security checkpoint for me but I digress.

1 2 I hired Noble to seal my new floors. We just moved into a new house and wanted to make sure that the floor would be less likely to stain if we spilled anything into the grout. They came out spend a few hours and sealed all the floors in my house. The guy who came out was professional and he did a great job especially sealing in between the tile. He was very particular and the cost of the sealing was a lot cheaper than I thought it would be!

1 3 Had my tile and carpet cleaned by Noble and am very happy with the quality and price!  Very polite and professional and very detailed in their work.  Will be using Noble for all my carpet and tile cleaning! 

1 4 Would recommend and use again. Price was right, was on time, and the carpets are clean.   All you can ask for.

1 5 Having just purchased a house, I called to have it re-keyed. They arrived promptly and showed their licenses. The house is a bit older and the previous owner was quite creative with the safety measures he took to keep the house secure...no fear...even though they ran into a few obstacles, they got it all worked out and all at a reasonable price.

1 7 Had our house done and my mom's. It took two weeks from consultation to installation. Prices were very reasonable. The owner is very responsive and helpful. The homes look beautiful! High quality materials in a range of options. I highly recommend them!

1 8 Wonderful! My fellow Yelpers did not steer me wrong! Needed a move-out carpet cleaning for my house on base, also needed to have a couch and area rug cleaned prior to the carpets. Gene and Ryan hooked it up! They came and did the couch and rug, then came out after all the furniture was gone and did an awesome job on the carpets, no problems passing inspection. They knocked out 3 years of dirty and grime from 4 kids and 2 dogs. They were super nice and professional at all times. Price was excellent IMO. About $200 for a four bedroom house, including hallways and closets. (the couch was extra-rug was free) Highly recommend these guys. Thanks!!! :-)

1 9 This is my kind of library! Very well organized and a pretty nice place to relax. I love their book store and I'm glad I found a place where I can find good books for a reasonable price.

1 11 Steve from Noble Carpet Cleaners came over today and cleaned my carpets and two couches.  The sectional looked amazing afterward.  He was also able to get a few, annoying stains out of the carpet.  The price was more than reasonable and he was professional and efficient.  I will definitely continue using them!

1 12 Just had my 2018 Acura RLX tinted here.  Limo tints all around and  35% on the front window.  They also did a full front clear bra.  Full hood, fenders, side mirrors, front bumper, door cups, door edge guards and rear appliqué. This is the second car they have done for me in the last 18 months. These guys are off the chain!!!  Simply amazing work.  Meticulous!!  They use only top shelf products. Workmanship is the highest quality!! If you are meticulous and crazy about your car like me  and want tints or a clear bra, this is simply the only place to go! Very fair prices. Full 5 stars!!!  They deserve 10 stars!!  Nobody does it better!! Highly recommend!! Mike S. Henderson, NV 

1 14 As good as it gets.   The Noble Carpet Cleaners team did an amazing job communicating exactly when they would show up. They gave me a window and they actually showed up a bit early. I think this is one of few companies that has ever given me a time window and showed up slightly early.   The team was very professional and they got the job done quickly/efficiently. When they were done, I inspected all the rooms and was happy with the quality of work. The pricing was also better than the other carpet cleaning companies in the area.  Positives: promptness, price, professionalism, and quality work

1 15 Very pleased with my tinted windows. I have a small SUV and asked for the darkest tint possible. It's DARK but legal. Keeps a lot of the 100 degree heat and sun out !  The owner suggested getting my front window tinted also. I was skeptical because I've never done that!  He showed me a few cars as an example to see what's it's like. I decided to do it and boy am I happy with it !  I went with the lightest tint because I was nervous about being able to see. I actually wish I went one shade darker. It really helps SO much.  Prices are reasonable , not cheap , but quality !

1 16 I needed to rekey my rental property unexpectedly. I googled rekey Vegas and was led to these guys. I called them and they told me a price and said they would be over within 30mins. They showed up on time, showed me their credentials without having to ask. They completed the job they told me they would, for the price they quoted.  Great people. Highly recommended!

1 19 This is definitely my favorite 99 cent store, as clean as I have ever seen for a discount store. The staff are always nice and even during the busy seasons, they manage to keep smiles on their faces. I really enjoy how much they have expanded their inventory. I have been a shopper for years and I stopped going for a while, not sure why I ever stopped. After shopping the other day, I realized how much money I can save, I feel like I was just throwing my money away. I still advise reading labels and knowing your products but for 99 cents, its totally worth the extra time.

1 20 I called these guys about 9:00 A.M.  They were at my place around 1:15 and they left at 1: 40.  Great job and professional behavior.  And the price was reasonable.  Thanks Guys!

1 21 Easy to schedule, right on time, great work and affordable.  Highly recommend!

1 22 LV Pest Control responded quickly to my service calls and was at our location in a matter of a few hours. Tiffany, our technician, was very knowledgeable with 20 years experience, and our customer service representative was very responsive regarding the future scheduling.  The prices are affordable...would definitely recommend

1 24 I just purchased a home and needed all the locks re keyed and I'm so happy I went through this company! I spoke with Ezra on the phone and he gave me an excellent price and we scheduled a time and date for the re key.   Vitali showed up right on time and got to work immediately. Nice guy and very respectful of your home.  I didn't realize it at the time but the main doors handle was broken and the lock was just old and did not catch in the door. Vitali told me he could still re key it if I didn't want to spend the extra money but I just decided to go with a new door knob just to be on the safe side. I choose which one I wanted from his van and he installed it right away.   In total I had 6 locks re keyed, one new door knob and lock, a mail box re key, 3 sets of keys, and...I didn't break the bank which is very important when you first buy a home. He was also kind enough to give me an extra set of keys!!   This was the very first time I have ever used a lock smith and I will ALWAYS get 

1 25 Overall a good low price store. Well not all prices are low but many. They seem to be solving the previous problems with the long lines. 

1 26 Very pleased with CC Sunscreens. They came out to do an estimate and were not put off by me needing only a couple of windows done (had other companies have a minimum I could not meet) on the back of the house. Price was good. They came back in the time period they said they would and quickly installed my new sun screens. What a difference they make. I can feel the difference on day one. My master bedroom is east facing and gets direct sun for the bedroom and master bath. By this time (830 am) my windows were smoking hot and the room was very uncomfortable. Now I'm in the bedroom with no need of the ceiling fan going and the windows are barely warm to the touch. Very happy with the 90% screens we ordered.

1 27 These guys did a great job.  Bees had built a hive on the side of our home.  Rex was right on time and quickly explained that the situation wasn't too bad and had it quickly resolved.  We got a discount offer that they had here on Yelp so the price was the best of all the online quotes I'd seen.  He also explained how the treatment worked to keep bees from returning to that particular spot.      By the way, "Daivd", the owner, took my initial call.  Very nice guy.  I'd recommend these guys.  Good people, good work, fair price.

1 28 I go here for my DMV renewal.  Their prices are decent and they offer car wash packages with the smog check.  They will renew your registration for you and they are fast too.  There is a Port of Subs connected to the store, which we frequent often.  The car washes come out to around $2 which is pretty good for a drive through car wash. just look for the yellow neon everywhere.

1 32 I had a rental with a really bad roof rat problem.  The technician inspected the property and texted me pictures of his findings for where he though the rats were getting in.  He plugged all the holes and even cleared the weeds at the side of the house for a very reasonable price.

1 33 John replied to my request for a quote very quickly.  He offered a very good price (lowest of 4 quotes) and we were all scheduled within a couple of texts.  I received a text when he was on his way and he arrived promptly. The work was done quickly and the result was awesome.  My carpets look and feel brand new.  A great job done and I hope you'll use Eco King for your carpet needs in the future.  I know I will.

1 34 Ordered floor to ceiling blind for back door very happy with price. Just set up appt. for rental for three more blinds.

1 35 My family always enjoys visiting this library. It is such a wonderful place and is located perfectly with panoramic views of the White Tank Mountains. They have a gift shop, reptile exhibit and cafe sitting area with vending machines. There are comfy chairs that allow you to sit, read and enjoy the breathtaking views. Volunteers run a resale bookshop with great prices:) also a easy accessible outing if you have friends and family from out of town that want to experience the beautiful saguaros and desert scenery. Great place to take pictures .

1 36 Eco King is a fitting name!  These guys use all natural products that work!  No nasty Chemicals.  Moved here recently from the Bay area.  The guy that came out took his time to explain how the system works and worked hard.  Carpets came out great!!!  He also cleaned my couch which had a stain from my dog throwing up.  IT looks as good as new!  Very friendly and reasonably priced.  Not sure what happened to Fanny M but I am glad I looked at the other reviews.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!

1 37 The only place I can find Captain's Wafers smoke house cheddar crackers, Yummy. Cheap too ;-{)

0 38 Went to several different blind companies for quotes. Either they were too overpriced or just didn't have what i needed. Black jack blinds was the only one that hit both of our needs. Love how the blinds turned out in our home and very affordable! Plus the team was very quick and responsive. 

1 43 Going to the mechanic is one of my least favorite things in life, but my experience with this locally-owned establishment was suprisingly great. I took it in and just dropped the car off. The job took two days, and Jeff  (the owner) called me atleast twice a day for updates.   Best of all, his team did an amazing job at pretty much replacing and fixing some worn-out parts on my car: timing belt, transmission fluid, water pump, etc. They even had someone wipe down/shine the exterior and the interior. I could hardly recognize my old Lexus! It looked brand-spanking new and reflected the quality of work they put in it. Price was definitely reasonable for the amount and quality of work that was done.   Jeff and his team also took the time to explain to me the repairs and changes they did as well as show me the old parts they took from my car. They are true craftsmen at what they do and definitely make an effort to build lasting relationships with their customers. I look forward to doing mor

1 44 Very cool place for discount house supplies.  It's huge & have a lot of stuff to offer if you are a do it yourselfer.  We purchased 2 ceiling fans from there.  They were the same brand as Home Depot sells for $250.  I think we paid $99 each for them.  One worked and one didn't.  I think they are store returns from Home Depot.  It wasn't a big deal because they exchanged it for a working one.

1 45 OK this feels like piling on, but they deserve it. I had to go to LA for surgery and I knew my brakes were worn. So I checked Yelp and came here. Just like everyone else the owners treated me like family. I explained I needed to leave the next day for LA, and needed the brakes done. They checked, and sure enough all four needed work, and the lining was almost gone. My car is a bit unique and they did not have the parts. So they called around until they found a set, and had them delivered. But they would not be there until the next morning - when I needed to leave. So they asked if I could leave the car overnight, they would polish and do the drums leaving only the pads to be installed in the morning - half an hour at the most. having full trust in these guys, I did that and left the car. The next morning the job was done and I was ready to go. That is first-class customer service. Not to mention the price was right. What a pleasure to find a shop and people like this among so many rip-

1 46 I'm in Vegas and I'm in a pinch. I won't opt to let the hotel charge me $7 a piece of clothing but I'm running out if clothes. So, I use yelp and find this diamond in the rough. Upon first glance the area is a bit sketchy looking. Once inside I'm greeted with polite smiles from strangers just doing their laundry mid day. I find myself a washer, find the attendant (who's very nice) and he takes a scoop of detergent to my machine for me, free of charge. I put a suitcase full of clothes in for about $4. I sit down, enjoy some TV, and surf the web with their free WiFi. Then I ran the dryer and done. As far as having to do laundry in a foreign town goes, I'm feeling at home. I can't say if its as nice at night but I can say during a day in March its pretty alright. I mean don't expect the place to look like the interior of Caesars but don't be alarmed by some rough tiles on the floor and dirt on the walls because this place will get your clothes clean! And for an affordable price.

1 47 On time, courteous, professional, great job, nice clean up, reasonably priced. What more is there to say? Two thumbs up!

1 48 This by far is the best tree service company I have ever used.  They were on time for the estimate. On time for the scheduled time to trim the trees.  And cleaned up and left the area neater than they found it.  And the price to trim my mesquite tree was very reasonable.  I wouldn't hesitate to use them again . . . in fact, I will use them to trim my palm trees next time.  Highly recommend.

1 49 Pros: Free internet wifi Reasonable prices Updated machines Very clean Good staff and dry cleaning on site 24 hours TVs to watch Decorated for Christmas Very safe even at night seems ok  Cons wish it was on the west side. It took bravery for me to go east of the strip and I'm glad I did.

1 50 On time, fast great job at a very affordable price. Cleaned up more than they had to  Blew leaves off the cool deck of my pool from my other tree! Nice guys, seemed very trustworthy and had no worries about these guys in my back yard. I WOULD DEFINITELY HIRE AGAIN! 


 ###### Service  negative ######
1 2 This paper is awful and its internet version azcentral.com is even worse. I will glimpse through the web-version solely for the purpose of reading local news and might pick up a physical copy for the crossword. It does, however, defy two stereotypes associated with a major newspaper. Firstly, it seemingly has a policy against ground-breaking journalism and discourages its reporters from "getting the scoop." Secondly, that whole "liberal media" characteristic does not apply to this paper at all. Every election it endorses campaigning politicians, though almost always backs the conservative. Letters to the editor are largely conservative and are little more than toned-down hate speech. However, simply visit their website, which is available to the public with a thread format, and you will see the unbridled hate speech, borderline clinically-insane comments faithful readers leave, that this media outlet does not monitor.   Politics aside, the paper is full of spelling and grammatical erro

1 3 No one ever comes here to have a good time- unless they're getting a marriage license, I guess, but even that might not be what you expect.  In any case, I was surprised by the security measures taken upon entry- almost as strict as TSA! Shoes off, pockets emptied, everything in a plastic bin to put on the conveyer belt, scowling men in uniforms running the lines.   I was also surprised by how nice the building itself was, actually- we were in courtroom 16A, and though the building is clearly tall as hell from the outside, I guess I didn't realize the WHOLE building was the courthouse.  From up there, the views are amazing. Getting up there was fairly easy, though first thing in the morning the elevators form a line- ridiculous considering there are 6 of them (not all run all the time though) and each can fit like 10 people.   Inside the court room, acoustics are pretty terrible IMO but everyone we encountered was professional and polite, from the bailiff to the judge, to whatever role

1 4 I arrived here at 7:40 am before their stated opening time. They were already giving out numbers, but they were not calling anyone to the windows. The place filled up pretty quickly.  I was here for my CCW. If you haven't been processed for this before, you are called 3 different times, so be prepared for a lengthy wait.  I found the representatives very friendly, especially in fingerprinting and photo. They were detailed oriented and very professional, but at the same time they were cordial and nice. We joked a bit.   I really have a problem with the amount of people here. They closed the other fingerprinting location. WHY? I was number 15 in line at 7:45 am and I did not leave until 11 am. There were people STANDING because there were not enough seats to accommodate everyone. Additionally, this is a really small room, and the automatic doors were constantly opening and closing, so the heat continued to creep in. I would urge the city to reconsider closing the additional location. It'

0 8 One day I'll be able to slow down and take a break...  the Roberto Clemente Bridge....There will probably be more live music..there are vendor booths on the bridge....I'm not sure exactly how it will be since i was there a short time...they say You can stay there to watch fireworks...and lights during the night...pretty cool! 

1 5 115 for 1st offenders... Talking and driving. Good thing it wasn't me LOL  OH just a heads up. The law enforcement people near the x-ray area are not very nice people

0 9 Everybody writes a song about killing themselves while waiting forever at the DMV. I think I wrote 6........ Besides the fact that it takes all day to get seen I actually enjoyed the company of my government representative. I enlightened her day with a little sarcastic comedy & from that point forward she was a pleasure to have to work with. I always choose a 3rd party DMV for the convenience of getting in & out in10 but when u have no choice it's nice to have an optimistic employee to deal with. 

1 6 DISCLAIMER: I have been a journalist. I worked for the StarTribune for four years. Of course this was before online news swallowed our culture. I miss the ole days. The sound of typewriters hammering in the newsroom. The smell of the first press newsprint. The smell of cigarettes, coffee and donuts on the reporters desks. I had a ritual every day no matter where I lived. Wake. Pee. Make coffee. Grab paper from front door. Sit. Read. Sip coffee and take in the events of yesterday. It was a slow, newsworthy slip into my reality. Now. Not so much. I've tried reading the Republic. Even had a Letter to the Editor published with my take on the 04 presidential elections when I insisted Al Gore would win by a landslide over George Bush. Remember that? But your lack of local flavor, coverage and slew of AP material makes me realize you are just okay and a product of the times. I find you a bit stodgy, stale and old school. But I'm a sucker for the old newspaper days and hope you can spice it up

0 14 I love going to a Library.  It's a nice break from the day to day rat race.  Was here today to study and work on one of my final projects due in a couple of weeks.  This Library is one of my favorite ones in Vegas.  Why?  Here's the breakdown:  PROS - It's clean and well kept.  - If they don't have the book you're looking for, they will order it from another library in Vegas so you can pick it up later.  - There are plenty of quiet areas where you can sit, read, study, or relax.  - They enforce the "no cell phone" rule.....some libraries in town don't.  - They have an Arts area where they feature local artists' work.  CONS - The lines to check out books can be slow at times.  Overall, it's a great place to be.  Will I return?  Of course! 

1 7 Inept,  this office is absolutely inefficient.  The line for mailing or buying postage was 16 people long.  There were three post people behind the counter,  being as slow and as rude as humanly possible.    The line for picking up parcel with the silly door with the window was 14 people long. Both lines were stale. Painstakingly stale. Like standing in the middle of the Saharan desert without any water or shade,  no relief in sight.  Slowly,  snailing to the window,  hoping my beloved package will be there,  lonely,  sitting on a shelf next to a friendly amazon package face

0 15 It's post net I'm not sure what people expect.. Anytime there is a middle man that provides additional services it's going to cost. Yesterday I had to mail something and didn't feel like going to the post office! All I can say is that it's a one stop shop mail service and or business type of transactions such as faxing and notary services. I'm sure to mail certain items depending on where you want it to go and how much it weighs, chances are the post office may be cheaper? Anyways it served its purpose for me! Customer service was friendly :-) 

0 1 This location has been remodeled recently and has added the "rent a cart" feature to their shopping carts.  At first I was annoyed with needing a quarter to get a cart, but have become used to the routine.  The store remodel is very nice.  I just wish they would add fresh produce at this location.  I find a lot of name brand items throughout the store. 

1 8 Horrendous customer service and billing. I cancelled my subscription, but they kept sending the paper. I called repeatedly and sent letters to no avail. Then, they billed me for over $100 for a paper that they refuse to stop sending me. I felt like I was being held financially hostage by this company. Customer service was terrible- extremely rude and unhelpful on the phone, argumentative and refusing to correct the problem. I finally wrote to Gannett, their parent company, and posted a bunch of information about my negative experience on social media. That got their attention and the problem was corrected. Stay away- do not do business with these people. Never subscribe- it is a black hole you will never get out of.

1 9 Im really not exactly sure how I should rate this Apple store. If I could, I would rate certain employees with -1 star!  My first 2 visits to the apple store was to fix my Macbook and both genius bar employees were really helpful and nice (Tyler and Brian). They got the job done and I was out the door. 6 stars for them. The 2nd time that i was there, I told Brian that my phone was acting up and that my phone would only charge until a certain percentage and would shut off every now and then. He told me that it was a software problem and that it had to do something with the charging port. Since I didn't have my phone backed up at the time, he advised me to go home back it up and come back to get it replaced free of charge because I was still under warranty.   My 3rd visit back, thinking it would go smoothly, made me so frustrated. When I came back, Brian was not working that day and I had to explain the issue to another employee which isn't the problem. This employee totally disregarded 

1 10 This location is by far the worst post office I have ever stepped foot in. It's been over a month since getting my new home and I have yet to get keys to my mailbox for which they say takes 7-10 days. Initially we were told 7-10 weeks and after speaking with a supervisor who informed us the former counter person was incorrect and that they were processing our order only to come in 2 weeks later and they knew of no such key placement order request causing us to put in yet another order and wait another 7-10 days. If that's not the kicker, upon putting in a key request you fill out a mail hold request and are told your mail is available for pickup for the next 30 days yet every time I stop by this crazy place and stand in line for an hour or more they say they don't have mail for me! So I find myself staking out my mailman a few times out the week just to beg him for my mail. Should I catch him on a BAD day, well let's just say I not only don't get my mail, but I also get yelled at for e

1 11 DATE: August 20, 2009  I was leaving for Indonesia 2 weeks later and the boy and I had just spent the night before talking about our plans for the future.. As soon as I reached home, I would talk to my relatively conservative social figure of an Asian Dad and announce that I was ready to get married - to this "fresh-out-of-college American boy" he never met. Considering the high risk of meeting opposition from my side, we decided to make a quiet, private commitment to each other in the form of a marriage license in the city that sealed the fate of our relationship 8 months before. When we called concierge at 1:30am the night before to find out where to go, we were informed that we'd have to go to the courthouse (which was closed at the time) and get a license before meeting an officiant. At around 1pm the next day, we headed for the Clark County Courthouse.  Getting a marriage license here is a pretty simple process:  1. Fill Out Forms 2. Wait In Line 3. Pay + Answer Questions For The 

1 13 Had my packages delivered today to another house!!!!!!!!! How?!!! How can you not read 4 numbers correctly?! Luckily my neighbors 4 houses down from me were honest and gave my packages to me. I just can't believe how lazy and inconsiderate USPS is when it comes to delivering my packages.

1 3 Awful newspaper. This has to be the worst paper we have ever read. We canceled after 1 month. I feel sorry for all the advertisers having to spend money on such a bad rag. Don't waste a dime on this newspaper. Go online and read from better options. 

0 4 This might sound super snobby, but I walked into this store like whhhaaaat?! I've never bothered coming to such store even though there is one 5 minutes down the road on my side of town. I just felt like  a 99 cent store would have a bunch of generic close to expiration type of things. UH WRONG!   It was a wonderland in there for me. Lol. There's a certain kind of appreciation for this kind of place when you have 4 kids in tow and they all have the need to walk out with something even though you came for 1 thing. Here, they have branded items and my assumption that there was going to be generic close to expiration things proved me wrong! Of course as I browsed around my kids come running with fast and furious cars, a figurine from inside out, crayola stuff, and because I knew we weren't at Target I looked at them and say hey, ball out. Hahhaha.   They literally have an aisle for everything. Grocery, snacks, drinks, toys, cleaning supplies for both home and cars, party supplies, school/ 

0 27 Not the quickest location but it's pretty convenient (logistically) for me. The other reviews about the ridiculous line that reaches the door is pretty accurate. So far, any time of day that I have visited that's been the case. Perhaps more clerks at the desk might be helpful??   So as much as I'd like to avoid the post office, it's pretty hard for me to do since I'm always sending out a care package or letter or something of that sort. Plus, spring cleaning equals eBay for me, lol. And I've had fantastic luck selling everything I've listed. Yay me! Because of this I've been here a good amount lately.   For me, the only good thing about this post office is the self checkout kiosk. I rarely have to wait to speak with a clerk anymore. I can weigh my package, type in the address, pay for the label and leave my package in the dropbox. In and out in less than 10 minutes. Obviously this service is easiest for flat rate boxes. Other boxes may take you a few more minutes if you're not familiar 

0 14 Pros: Easy donation drop off. Contentious employees.   Cons: Scary neighborhood. 

1 15 Canceled my subscription months ago, and after recent events, I am glad we were smart enough to do so early. Don't subscribe. Don't waste your time with this junk. Let these guys regret this decision, and let them go out of business.

1 16 It sucks that I've been to the Regional Justice Center enough times to write a review.  I hate dealing with our government, but this place is a lot cleaner than some other cities I've been in.  I usually park at Binion's for free and have a nice 10 minute walk over.  If you're in to fight a parking ticket, grab a number and then go outside for a bit for a walk rather than sit in a room with an angry vibe.  That's my zen for the day.

1 29 There are some things in life you need to do, but never look forward to, such as getting your teeth cleaned and having a colonoscopy. These things you endure and if you come out of it with minimal pain or discomfort you say the experience was ok. This is also the case when every year you have to go to the MVD to register your car. Once again I had to make my annual pilgrimage to this place for renewal of my vehicle.  This office on Mesa Dr. is a dive compared to most others. They have uncomfortable chairs, long lines and long wait times. The repetitive computer generated voice calling for the next number is beyond annoying. It is akin to waterboarding. The bright spot today was our attendant Tenisha. she was friendly and accommodating. Her customer service scored this place a 3 star rating rather than the 2 I was going to give it. 

1 17 It's the only game in town, essentially.  The paper is mostly ads and they combine local news w/ the USA Today.  My main complaint though is with our delivery person!  We only get the Weds (food ads) and the Sun. editions.  It's supposed to arrive by 7.  It NEVER does.  The earliest we see it is closer to 7:40.  Some days we don't get it at all!  And because we live in Anthem/New River-when we call to complain, we're told they don't "re-deliver" to our area.  In the last 2 weeks we've had 2 papers come at 8:15, one at 10:30 a.m. and one paper never got to us at all.  We'd go to another paper-but there isn't one to switch too.  But the service stinks.

1 18 Banks are banks and let's be honest this isn't always your favorite errand to run especially on a lunch break! I very rarely go inside the bank but yesterday I had no choice. I had confirmed fraud on my debit card about two and a half weeks ago and was told that a new card would be sent out to me. Well of course that wasn't the case so I needed a temporary card. I'm VERY familiar with the process of how this transaction should've went and have to leave feedback on what could've been improved. For starters when I walked in there was no visible person to greet and direct the "traffic". I stood at the front kiosk for approximately 7-10 minutes before anybody came over to find out what I needed help with. I then noticed a young Hispanic women who was holding a tablet that was assisting another customer (ok so they did have somebody out there but who was the back-up) I observed 3 other personal banker's whom had no customers at their desk and began to wonder why they didn't feel the need to

0 30 This review is in regards to the customer service I received from Patty, Kevin, and Zach.  I am not reviewing the company itself yet as I have only just become a customer.  I was looking for a Pest Control company as I'm new to the area.  Las Vegas Pest Control was recommended by a friend.  After looking through reviews on Yelp , I decided to try them out.  Patty was my first contact.  She was very friendly, professional, and most importantly informative.  We scheduled a date and time, I made my first payment and that was that, or so I thought.   The tech assigned to me did not show up during his window of time.  After waiting a FULL hour over that window I called and spoke to Kevin.  He assigned me a new tech for the next day.  In comes Zach.  Zach is awesome!  I am so glad the other Tech did not show.  Zach was very informative, explained the whole process and informed me that if I have any issues he's only a phone call away.  I called back to speak with Kevin because the day Zach ca 

1 20 staff is not friendly. i never sa or heard anyone greet with a happy tone. not sure bec after holidays, everyone burnt out. they need to. e happier abs enjoy what they do. they are not rude, just seems unhappy.

1 21 Young man came out and seemed very nice and honorable so I agreed to have them come take care of the problem in the guest bedroom. I was given a guarantee that if I ever have problems they would be right out. Well my guest woke with bites all over so I called and told them it's now been 3 weeks and they still have not lived up to there agreement!! Avoid avoid avoid

1 22 I called apple care and was told that the first available appointment to see a technician would be July 4th, but I could go to the apple store and it would be a 35 minute wait but they could just swap the phone out in the store. I headed to the apple store in Northlake Mall where I was greeted with a smile by a very peppy sales representative named Jared. Being an avid yelper I snapped a few photos including one of Jared but not before asking him if it was ok and telling him I was yelping! Jared listened to my issue then informed me that they could not fit me in tonight. I further informed Jared that the rep on the phone at apple care sent me in and I asked for them to check the computer for the notes on the issue. After after speaking with a manager Jared informed me that they would make an exception and see me tonight but it would be a wait! He sat me at a table to wait and after about 10 minutes a very large man introduced himself as Rory the manager then proceeded to tell me that h

1 23 Horrible service. Its time they the company was cut and run by a private organization.  I think people are being generous giving them 1 or 2 stars. Delivery issues, huge waits on the phone - the list of problems goes on and on...  I asked for a package to be delivered to the front door (shaded), but they ignored the instructions and left my 100 leef cutter bee pupae to bake in the mailbox.....

0 36 I have only been to the dog park portion of this park, so consider that when you read this review.  The dog park is hidden away far from the rest of the park, down on Chapata, and while there's no designated parking, you can park on the street.  It's one large park where dogs of all sizes mingle, so if you have a dog of either extreme (teeny tiny teacup Chihuahua or behemoth Great Dane) who isn't used to dogs of all sizes, this is not the best choice for you and your pup.  That not being an issue for my furball, we went in.  It's a nice park, with a long run of grass, some dirt near the entrance, and covered seating near the entrance.  It's not a very popular park, or at least not from what I gather as the few times I've been there's only been a handful of dogs and people.  Oh yeah, the lighting is plentiful, so no worries on heading over there when dark has set.    All in all, a pleasant run for the furball. 

1 24 Got there about 9:20 am, 11-6-2015.  No one in line to get a number.  Great.  Got a number.  Finally get called about 10:35 am, more than an hour later.  Leticia, counter 5, was to help me.  She was very ordinary - neither rude nor friendly.  I was doing a title change.  She got a new license plate and I did not like the number and asked if I could have another license plate.  She went to go check with someone and that person said she could not.  She said the only way I could get a different number was to get back in line.  Are you kidding me?  Honestly, I don't know how the people working there can stand the voice over the intercom calling out the numbers.  However, it did help that I had stuff to listen to on my phone and earbuds.  Thank God for that.  I realized Leticia was just doing her job and it wasn't her call to give me a different license plate.  She HAS TO GO IN ORDER.  Okay.  Guess that's their policy and she couldn't trade plates with another counter.  I would give Leticia

1 25 Customer service is a joke.  I cancelled my paper.  They stopped delivery but they are still charging my credit card.  I shouldn't have to call 4 times to get a refund.

1 26 I have been receiving alot of email from them.  I called them to get my name removed from the email list.  The customer service rep said she would not remove me from the list or change the email so I would not get anymore email spam ads from them.  I asked to speak to a supervisor.  She refused stating if I asked again she would hang up on me.  I asked again.  She hung up.  I never once raised my voice to her or said anything mean.  I guess they are not in business to win any customers.  DO NOT GIVE YOUR EMAIL TO THIS COMPANY!  THEY HAVE NO RESPECT FOR YOU OR YOUR PRIVACY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  And THEY DO NOT NEED YOUR BUSINESS!!!!  IF YOU COMPLAIN, INSTEAD OF TRYING TO WIN YOU OVER, THEY WILL HANG UP ON YOU TOO!!!!!!!

1 27 I'm reading a lot about how the system sucks, but until somebody comes up with a better system, I figure it is what it is. I came in the late afternoon because that's when my auto shop got my car to pass emissions. About an hour in and out. Staff were all pretty decent even with people crabbing at them all day, and Mandy (whose window I went to) was really sweet and helpful.  The number system was down, so they were writing numbers on post-it notes and sticking them on the paperwork; workers rotated the task of walking around with clipboard lists of numbers, calling them out. And I didn't hear anybody grousing about doing that. They just made every effort to be audible and clear.  I think the experience you have at DMV depends a LOT on the attitude you bring when you walk through the door.

0 28 I had to stand there waiting for service for several minutes, but everyone was busy with customers. I took my new trackpad I purchased with my iMac and the replaced it with a Magic Mouse because I didn't like the track pad. Good service. 

1 29 Well, it's your typical Motor Vehicle Department. Long lines, long waits and a horrible drivers license picture.  This is a necessary evil that must be done once a year. This particular MVD is ok, I guess. The set up Is rather cramped and crowded, it was warm in there, and kids were left to run around freely and be loud. Now, I get that when you've been waiting for what seems like forever, your kids will tend to get rambunctious, but it was getting ridiculous. When it was finally our turn, we sat down at the counter, knowing our transaction was going to take a bit, our attendant never faltered on customer service. She kept a smile on her face, engaged us in small talk and made us laugh. A bright spot despite the long wait, and the beginning of a bad mood.

1 45 Since my last review I moved to a new apartment without carpet. I just learned the other day that Noble does grout cleaning as well as carpets, though, so I hired them to come do my kitchen tiles. Gene was very personable, and got everything done quickly! My kitchen looks sooooo much better now! 

0 30 Worst big city paper I've ever read.  Just about everything printed is verbatim from the wires.  The entertainment writers/critics SUCK, and all with a right wing lean.  Yuck.  Well worth it to get the New York Times delivered. 

1 31 I ordered my phone online after smashing my old one. I could have had it delivered to my house Saturday, or pickup on a Friday. I opted to pick it up. Thinking that I could just walk in, have someone grab it, and I go, I was disappointed to have to wait 5 minutes for someone to get the phone, then more time turning the phone on.., which made my other phone inactive. I could have had him switch the SIM card out, but that would have been even more time... next time, I'll just have the thing delivered to my house.

1 32 I've watched 3 meltdowns and counting! 2 tellers and they're both useless with the crowd. Been waiting to deposit money for over 30 minutes and watched people scold the staff about how slow everything is. Don't come here if you have ANY time constraints. The last few people I've watched, the tellers couldn't help them and sent them out the door. The only other teller has had a customer waiting over 45 minutes over a check. Get it together BOA!!!!!!

1 33 This review is for this branch only. I have been a customer at bank of america for years and this is by far the worst Bank of America location by far. Always a huge line and if you are lucky their will be 2 tellers working usually only one. The management is terrible and they take an extremely long time on everything. The funny thing is that there are always staff on the desks signing up new clients but when it comes to servicing the accounts and making deposits, or withdrawing money,  they really have no customer service at this branch.. I would suggest calling corporate something needs to change here.

0 48 Recently started service with them. Average cost. Easy to contact. Responsive to my needs.  We had lots of crickets and bugs and now we barely see any. 

1 34 After calling around several places I decided to go with Precision Window Tint. Reason? Of all the 3 places I called, Brian seemed like the only who who truly wanted my business. Not in a desperate way, but in a "let me show you what service I can provide you RIGHT now because I know you're pressed for time and I will do it for you" kind of way.   I called around 9amish, asking if he'd be able to tint my car that day (my rare Saturday off). He was able to not only give me a quote over the phone, but assure me that if my vehicle was brought in today, it would be done before 5. I of course yelped, the reviews and even though I was once the fence (I narrowed it down to to places), honestly, I've seen his truck around as well as the sign twirlers on the corner of Sunset and Stephanie AND his professionalism over the phone. I told him I would call him right back and he added, "Please call me back to make sure I don't schedule anyone else." I called one more place and even though their quote

1 10 If you read my reviews, I hardly ever leave 5 star ratings because most people use them on Yelp like they are free. I use 5 star ratings to those exceptional businesses that deserve it.   Noble Carpet Cleaners is one of those businesses.   Previously, I have used other carpet cleaners in this town to clean my carpets and/or recliners. What I got was an 2 1/2 star job and didn't feel like it could get any better. Expensive and not much improvement.   I hired Noble to do 3 recliners and 2 decorative chairs.   Booking online was very easy. Whatever system they use to set this up is a snap, and keeps you informed all the way through till they are finished and you receive a copy of your invoice.   Noble Carpet Cleaners are:  Prompt: they give you a window of time for the appointment, but for me they were right on time.  Professional: from the greeting, to protecting your floors, woodwork, door jams, and personal property. They use state of the art equipment and techniques to get the job don

1 35 Right off of Jones and the 215, this is a very great and convenient location.  Lines are on and off especially during the lunch hour (either really long or really short) They offer P.O boxes and business pick up there as well.  Service is a little slow but as the same as all post offices VERY LARGE parking lot just about 0.5miles off the freeway.  No complaints ever. Wish they were a little more friendly but def get the job done as quick as possible.

1 36 Definitely a standard B of A location. I do not bank with them personally, but I come to this branch pretty often to conduct transactions. The service could be friendlier and more efficient. I encounter quiet a few sourpusses among the tellers and they have messed up transactions in the past for which I had to return to fix, which was inconvenient. I'll still probably come here since it's conveniently located.

1 37 I'm a criminal lawyer and this place is my second home. It is way better than other places I have practiced and the staff is great here once you get to know them.  It is mildly amusing that at least one yelp user used a review to take yet another jab at lawyers. You must not be one of the court patrons who walks up to me on a daily basis needing help because of the complexity of the system. You hate us until you need us.  Always hire private counsel.

1 38 Horrible customer service.  Was told to make an appointment for another day to request a new bank card when there wasn't a line.  Had to drive to another Bank of America where they were happy to help and it took them only a couple of minutes to help me.  Never coming back here!

0 39 Pros: It's big, new and has a huge splash pad and grass field.  It is well taken care of and a great addition to the Henderson area.  Cons: Although it has equipment made for the two different age categories of it is a little tough for the little ones to really enjoy.  The equipments comes with instructions and the swings are not really covered so it makes it very hot to really enjoy in the summer.  I do want to go back and take my older son there I think he would enjoy it but my two younger ones were ready to leave after 15 min. 

1 41 Great, prompt transactions whenever I've had to ship a package, but tried starting the passport process today and don't bother. Online website says call to make an appointment. I called. I called 6 Times this morning and my call was never picked up, nor was there a greeting or menu with options! I searched the website and found an area to sign up for an appointment, perfect! No! Plugged in every date from now through the first week of March and each time, it gave me an error saying Error finding locations. I put Las Vegas, NV, my zip code, even Henderson with a 50 mike search range, sammmmmmme error. So I decided to use my lunch hour to pay a visit and figure out if they could use their crappy system and sign me up. Nope. I was spoken to like I'm computer illiterate, absolutely no walk-in appointments and no appointments over the phone, has to be done online. Which seems now like trying to find a brick of lard at Whole Foods. I work on a computer all day, I've reformatted my computer, 

1 43 If you need to be somewhere in this building at a certain time, come early. I don't mean 5 minutes early, I mean 45 minutes early. The lines can be pretty long at the main entrance and at the main elevators. Here is another good tip: check the department listing on the first floor and be sure to verify the floor you are looking at is for the courtroom you are looking for (i.e. Justice or District) There is no directory on the floor that you may select by inadvertently going to the District Court level when you wanted Justice Court. Most people that you share the elevator with do not have the departments memorized, so you will more than likely end up taking a trip back down to the main floor to find what floor you really needed... remember, I advised 45 minutes early. Although the elevators are usually over capacity, the stairwell is not. Sometimes going up/down a few flights of stairs is less traumatic than riding in an elevator (literally front to butt) with lawyers and other "Law" ty

1 44 I'm applying for a Medical Marijuana Establishment license and boy oh boy has it been a pain in the azzzzzz process. The state couldn't make up their mind and didn't give as clear of answers as you'd of hoped. B&D was always available to answer questions to the best of their ability and even stayed past closing to take care of me!

1 45 And at around lunch time they scatter like thieves to go to their break or lunch even if there are 10 people in line. Please take care of your customers first people. We are your bread & Butter but maybe you are too Dumb to realize this.

0 46 We showed up Tuesday 7:50pm to 8:30pm The parking lot is a business district however at night no one seems to care. Its a nice little walk I'd say 2-3 football fields in distance from parking lot to the cave.   I enjoyed the walk more than sitting and waiting. The walk consist of trees hanging over head while bats constantly fly over you.  A family of 4 and a family of 3 sat near the bat gates all the meanwhile you hear runners and cyclist run though river bed.  While we sat in silence I was hoping to see a mob of bats flying out of hell but it was more like a constant flow of about 1 or 2 per minute. 

1 47 I normally always have a good experience here, but today they disappointed me greatly and I am mad at myself for not fighting more. When you hand a large envelope over and say postage no hurry you should not be up sold to priority 2-day. I paid twice as much in postage as what I was mailing. I tried to explain what I was talking about and given a look like I was crazy get moving there is a long line, I know what you can do you don't. Really I know the post office is hurting, but really. It really bothered me.

0 48 This is the closest post office to my house and it's still pretty far from me. I feel post offices are becoming more rare these days. This post office is a decent size with its own large parking lot. The lines are usually long so come in expecting to wait. I saw a lot of bad reviews for this post office and I agree, wait time is long and mailing things can get expensive, but none of the complains are the employees fault. The services here (when it's your turn) is good. Every employee I interacted with have been very helpful and pleasant. Customers have to understand that a lot of the policies of the post office the workers have no co trip over, so I get upset when I see customers yelling at the workers when they don't get their way. I will continue to come here because it's literally the only post office I know of.

1 49 You would think there was at least one person here that could fix the clocks. The clocks that are directly above the court docket.... seems rather important in a building that had pretty serious penalties for being late. Guess daylight saving time snuck up on them.

1 50 I found the first thing that I don't like about this library. You can't use library computers to download the eMedia software, really sucks if you don't have a personal computer.

0 12 It is a requirement in the state of Nevada to get a background check and fingerprinting done prior to applying for a real estate license. It is the slowest point of the entire licensing process.  It can take up to 45 days or longer to have the background check completed.  The good news is that it is possible to obtain the fingerprinting and background check prior to getting licensed!  Which is exactly what I did on Saturday.  Found B & D Fingerprinting Services via Yelp and fortunately they have very accommodating business hours (Mon-Fri 8 am - 6 pm; Sat 11 am - 3 pm).  I called just to confirm that they indeed were open on a Saturday afternoon, and headed there.  It took me less than 20 minutes to go in, fill out a simple form, hand over my drivers license (form of ID) and get fingerprinted on their awesome laser technology (no ugly black inked fingers!).  They gave me a form to turn in with my real estate license application and I was outta there.  Fee was around $65.  Highly recomme 

0 13 Okay lemme tell you what happened!  I was on my own from my hair appointment. (THANKS TINA!) & I decided to go get a book... & pick up reading habits.  I post up at the computer search engine.. I type up Ayn Rand.. I read the Fountainhead in high school.. RECOMMENDED! (beware it's a big book).  Okay, so the search engine isn't as accurate as I thought, but that's okay! I'd rather get lost in the aisles or ask someone anyway!  I want a good nonfiction, fast pace kind of book. I go to the teen non fiction books. I pick up Ender's Game.. a book recommended to me from a friend some time ago. Score!  I go down some more aisles & I find some "how to draw books." I choose... faces! Score #2!  Randomly on those cart racks I find an "Avatar: The Last Airbender" art book.. Which I knew my brother would love. (& he did!) Score #3!  I've been trying to get more information on eating habits.. & I just really randomly find the section? It couldn't get better with "Eat Your Way to Happiness." Woot!   

1 15 Real bad articles,it's as if I child writes this stuff. Unreliable information, and they keep charging your card after you canceled. It's a lot cheaper to just use the Internet. 

0 19 I''m not a big fan of 99 Cent stores. My wife is though. This one is closest to our house. I sometimes get dragged along, though usually I'll go to Vons while she looks around here. It's pretty much like all other 99 Cents stores. 

0 23 My name is Daniel. S. Today the "S" is short for "Saying it loud and proud that I am a fan of books."      When I am riding the rough waves in the sea of living, an entertaining  book is my life preserver. Entertaining books take my mind on out of the world adventures from the 1964 Beatlemania to a walk across America with Peter Jenkins.    My library card registration needed renewal. Facing a mountain of books headed toward an overdue fine, I had to pay up. The thing is that I am a bigger fan of outdoor recreation. I drove across the valley to combine the Sahara West Library with a hike on the Peccole Ranch Trail.    Dating back to 2004, when I moved to Las Vegas, the Sahara West has always been one of my favorite libraries in the Las Vegas Clark County Library System. It is a large library that is an MGM Grand of books. The environment is cozy and immaculate. The only thing missing is a fireplace. The library is two floors. The adult and children's book collection lives upstairs in l 

0 25 Although they didn't have what I was looking for, I love .99 cent stores! 

0 27 In Henry VI (Part 2), Shakespeare wrote "Let's kill all the lawyers!".  If you have a court case in the Regional Justice Center, you're probably ready to shout that sentiment every time you step foot in court.     Hell, it's not the happiest spot in Nevada.  People usually come here and try not to get locked up, to fight over money, or fight over child custody--not the location for the happiest events (although the county wedding license bureau is on the 1st floor).    So if you're headed here, a few pieces of advice: 1) the lines to get into the building are long (especially in the morning) so get here early, 2) court is not the place to be casual so dress conservatively -- guys put on a tie and a nice, white or muted color shirt with a collar; ladies, cover up.  You will be judged on how you look, so be formal and (to repeat) conservative, 3) the elevators will take forever if the building is busy (there are only 6 elevators serving 17 floors), so (again) get here early, 4) the Marsh

0 29 This library use to be my go to spot to get away and focus on what I'm working on.  I have 2 offices in Las Vegas, 1 in San Diego, and another in Orange County, but find libraries to be a place where I can get a lot done in a small period of time. I'm one of those dudes that cannot work from home due to the distractions at home (i.e. TV, Bed, and the Fridge).  When I get those days where I have a lot on my work plate, there are times I prefer to do some admin/office work in a library.  Yesterday, was one of those days.    My favorite library in Las Vegas is actually located in Centennial.  But if I am in the westside, the  Sahara West Library is the way to go.  This library is spacious and the main part of the library is a quiet zone. I have been warned a few times to limit my phone use or go to the lobby to make my calls.  I guess I'm use to the Centennial location where there's not too many people there and also my phone use isn't frowned upon.  But I get it.  A library is suppose to 

0 30 I was thinking of getting our carpets cleaned, but didn't act on it until a friend posted on Facebook asking for recommendations for cleaners.  I was going to call a company that a friend of hers recommended, but then I thought of checking Yelp.  And that's when I found Noble, with all of its excellent reviews.  They came today, a bit earlier than our 4:00 appointment, and would've come even earlier if I'd let them.  Our carpets weren't all that bad, since they were only about two years old.  But Gene and Ryan were very efficient, very friendly, and when I asked a question about the chemicals used, I was given a thorough explanation.    When they finished, we were given booties to put on over our shoes so we could check on the work and make sure we were satisfied.  We most definitely are!  We had them measure the downstairs and got a quote for cleaning and sealing the tile, which actually is twice the price of having all the carpets and stairs cleaned, but we're going to have them do t 	

0 32 Another FedEx that I feel obligated to write a review on due to the fact that I'm here at least once a week.  Tough for me discuss cost of services and supplies here because everything I do here is charged to my FedEx business account. What I can tell you about this FedEx is that they have some of the nicest people working here. Every time I'm here, I'm greeted as soon as I walk in and there's rarely ever a long wait. They are also very efficient. After living here about 3 years, I've learned which FedEx Centers to go to around town.  If in Henderson, it's the one located off Sunset. If in North Las Vegas, it's the one located off Craig and Jones. And if in Summerlin, it's this one that I go to. I have some that avoid like the plague, but there's no sense even mentioning them since I got my Fav 3.     YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (427/500) 

0 33 I had a roommate move-out Saturday afternoon. He had left a pretty nasty stain on the carpet. I called Noble Carpet Cleaning after reading all the positive reviews on Yelp and scheduled a cleaning for Monday afternoon (today). The owner of the company just showed up to do the cleaning himself. He had a "Noble Carpet Cleaning" van, was dressed in a branded polo and couldn't have been more professional. He looked at the stain and mentioned to me the steps he was going to take to try and get it removed. They had a $75 minimum, so to eat up the remaining cost, he also removed a few other small stains, cleaned the hall carpet, as well as my master bedroom (and he cleaned the entire carpet where the original large stain was). He treated my house with care by covering my floors so his equipment wouldn't scratch anything. He wore shoe covers & also provided me with some so I could inspect his work after he was finished. After all was said and done, he provided me with a bottle of spot/stain re 

0 34 Is there a future for newspapers in today's online world?  The Arizona Republic is looking to bridge that by having both a print version and an online edition - available via the azcentral.com platform or through www.arizonarebublic.com - though that one will take you first to subscribe to the paper before you can enter the articles.  Much more user friendly to just go to azcentral.com  But back to print...  I actually love reading the newspaper.  But I don't know if this really counts as the newspaper.  It's like National Geographic and People.  Yea, they are both magazines - but do you "read" People, or do you flip through People?  Even when I'm reading every article, I feel like it is similar to "flipping through" the news.  I've heard this paper referred to as the NewsLite or McNews.  It has that feeling.  Like all the articles here made some kind of news top 10 list or something.  If you want deep, probing, insightful articles with a uniquely local spin - read the New Times.  Sad  

0 37 I tried to go without pest control when I first moved into my house because that's just not a thing where I'm from. I made it about 3 months until my husband saw our first HHUUUUGGE scorpion at the top of our stairs. Took about 45 minutes til we were able (and brave) to flush him down the toilet. Sadly. I'm not big on killing insects and bugs so I'm glad we decided to give into pest control to deter them from death to begin with.  We went with LV Pest Control because that's what our landlord was using.   They're great. They are communicative, come every other month, and are worth the $33/month. I haven't seen bugs inside.. and the ones I've seen outside are dead. Our garage also has those little box traps which get switched out... those are not (or ARE -- depends on if you're into that stuff) fun to look into.  Anyhow, I'd go with them. Tell them I recommended you. We both get perks.   p.s. They'll come at the drop of a hat... or the sight of a bug.. if you need them to.

1 40 Won't recommend home delivery of the Arizona Republic. In a month, I've missed 4 deliveries. They will only re-deliver if you call during a narrow period of time. I was supposed to be credited those papers, but my account doesn't reflect it.   Today I called to cancel. I don't qualify for a refund because the refund is less than $10. So if the Republic fails to deliver your paper and you don't get replacements or credit, and you then decide to cancel, they also don't have to refund your money. This is just greedy sleaze. I won't darken their door again. 

1 41 I have been working on suing a apartment complex, the "legal help center" on the 1st floor gave me advice & told me how to do it. Come to find out, after paying a bunch of fees to them, because the place I'm going. After is in Henderson, & I filed in Vegas, it's dismissible. They said "we can't give legal advice & tell you how to do things" & they told me exactly how to do it and collected their money!!! They won't issue me a refund, now I have the headache of doing this all over again in Henderson. They are idiots who hit want to collect a fee, & will ADVISE you in the wrong direction. 

0 45 Others must have agreed since this location has blessedly been shut down and moved to a new location on the other side of the same strip mall.    And, for what it's worth, the new location of this store is MUCHO BETTERO!  I go here a lot now and I love the new location!  Thank you for closing the old one and opening the new one! 

1 47 This paper is so bad I can't even explain. Now that they are charging to read online I can't wait until they go out of business. Why pay for this garbage when you can read news from other valley sites for free. If I was gonna pay for news it sure wouldn't be this junk, it would be NY times etc. 

1 48 I love how it says, yeah I'm a fan! For four stars. I'm clearly being sarcastic. I paid 12 for parking for an hour and forty minutes. If you look rough and speak poorly you get the judge's sympathy and are allowed to speak where he will kindly listen. If you're dressed respectively, he'll cut you off and give you minimum payments of $100 a month ;( 


 ###### Service  positive ######
1 2 Got the whole house special which included carpet and tile cleaning. And I must say that I got a steal of a deal. Very happy with the work they did. They are very professional and allow you to walk through the house and you just tell them if they missed a spot (of course they didn't miss anything). Opted to come back when they were done. They texted me 30 minutes prior to being done, which I appreciated. Tiles look nice and clean and carpets are too. Definitely will use them again in the future.

1 3 I've went to a couple other BofA's in Vegas and this is the only one I go to now. Despite almost always being fairly busy, they work through long lines quickly and the wait is never what it would be at other places. I'm drawing a blank on their names, but the 2 guys that help with more complicated transactions are very very helpful and caring. When my father came and visited and got his card stolen, they were awesome in helping him work through it quickly and efficiently.

1 4 Solid workers, good location and they make sure everything goes smoothly and all is well. I would say that the 1st and 15th are the busiest at not oly this branch but every branch so look out for that if it's near the 1st or the fifteenth.

1 5 I don't have an account with Chase but I've made some deposits here for other accounts and everyone that works here is always so helpful and kind.   I would consider opening a Chase account based on my experience at this location.   Plus they have free cookies =)

1 6 They do fingerprinting and passport photos here; I appreciate not having to make the extra stop. Very friendly and efficient service! All of our employees have to register with the PILB, so I send our new hires to B&D - at least one part of the process I know will be simple!

1 7 100 reviews and it's a company with 5 stars. Not sure what can be said that hasn't already, but everything was easy when scheduling with Samantha and then the actual service was great. Was able to do all of the scheduling and estimate over email which worked out great for my schedule.

1 10 Brian was friendly and the rest of the staff were very accommodating in the service I need since the first job was not perfect. Everything afterwards was taken care of at no charge. I would highly recommend!

1 11 All the excellent Yelp reviews helped me decide to give Silverstate Locksmith a try, and I'm so glad I did!  You gotta be careful when trusting locksmith businesses due to the possibility of those scammers out there.  Mike German arrived on time and immediately showed me his sheriff's ID and license which made me feel a lot more comfortable using his services.  He quickly replaced 2 locks for me and was even nice enough not to charge me for rekeying one of my old locks which really needed to be changed out instead.  He also gave me 2 extra key copies free! Mike showed a professional and honest character, and his work is of high quality because I could easily tell how much more secure my new locks are compared to the old ones!  I also appreciate the fact that he offers prompt communication by email and texting as well as by phone. Thanks for making my home feel safer, Silverstate Locksmith!!! I now know who I'll call next time should I have other lock related issues!

1 12 The postal employees at this location are always friendly helpful and efficient with time. I really appreciate the customer service which is quite a nice change from the Arcadia post office. Thank goodness this is my neighborhood post office

1 13 Inlove with this place from the start! The owner Chelsea gets her nails done by my co worker so that's how I met her. First of all the sweetest lady ever!!  I set up an appointment to come in, she was able to let me know the cost before even getting there.. No hidden charges. Booking was so easy!   I got there early and they were open and took my car back RIGHT AWAY! Chelsea's husband, the other owner was so helpful and nice!! Let me look in his own truck to get an idea of how my tint would look. He gave me suggestions on what I should do and I went with everything he suggested.  My car was done quickly and professionally and it looks so nice. The outcome exceeded my expectations. My car doesn't look the nicest but this tint made all the difference in the world!!  I recommend this business to anyone and everyone! They truly care and are so business orientated!!! amazing experience.

1 16 Noble is my go to carpet cleaners. They deserve way more stars! I have used them twice, and have been extremely pleased with their EXCEPTIONAL customer service and QUALITY work. They are experts and can make old, stained carpet look great again. No chemical smell like other cleaners either.  As I was writing this review for the last service I was online booking an appointment for this week, and Ryan called immediately to confirm and make sure they knew what I wanted done. I won't use anyone else for my tile, carpet or furniture cleaning needs

1 17 Fast easy help desk, very resourceful and the staff are kind and take their time helping. Place is well secured and organized. And they have Capriotti's!

0 12 Other than the spacious splash pad this park is only ok. Cute little play area for small toddlers. But my 2 and 4 year old did not enjoy this park. We went to Discovery park after being here for less than 10 minutes. 

1 19 I love, love, love this location. Biltmore area conveniently located in a savvy strip mall in central Phoenix. There are always plenty of staff on hand for both printing and shipping services. The layout of the store is strategically aligned to guide you to the right area. My review is on all services as I have shipped many packages, used the printing services, business center and made purchases in the supply area. As long as this location has been open this is my main FedEx Office that I use regularly.   What I appreciate about the staff is they take their time. Listening to your needs and then providing you with an excellent overall experience. I have never had any hiccups on print orders and my packages have always made it on time. The internet in the secure business center runs smoothly. Provided in a secluded area of the store in a spacious cubical area so you can get the work done.

0 20 Very nice library. Great place for group meetings. They also have a nice art exhibit, and a used book store there. 

1 21 I initially came to the Sahara West library every Wednesday for story time with my kids when one was 3 months old and the other was almost 4. On Wednesday at 10:30 AM they have a preschooler story time for kids who are 3-5. They read books, sing songs, and dance. At the end of every story time, they would be given a take home craft related to the theme of the story time of the week. My son's walls are now covered in library memorabilia. At the 11:30 story time, it is planned for children from birth up to 5 and sometimes plays parachute (the really big colorful one) at the end.  Now that my daughter is 14 months old, she will not sit still so we don't go to story time anymore but we still go every Wednesday to get books, DVDs, CDs, crafts, coloring pages, etc. I never rent or buy any kids movies because the library has every children's movie ever made. The librarians are so amazing at talking to all the children, and even knows their names and tells them how happy they are to see them e 

0 22 I really didn't get to see a lot of the Arizona Republic. I had a meeting on one of the top floors, and it was very nice and had a great view. 

1 23 We ventured off for a family outing one day and really enjoyed ourselves.   We weren't sure what to expect but the tour of the house was very eye opening. They explained in great detail about the home and how it was used and the way life was back then. They ask that you do not take any pictures in the home. On our visit, there were a lot of people but it was not overly crowded.  When we went back to the slave quarters, they even had people back their portraying the life and it was interesting. The slaves literally slept on dirty and rocks in between some walls.   They had some animals on the farm, a big ole pig and such. My son had a good time and we would definitely come back. They offer different events at the plantation and it's great getting that historic information and seeing it come to life.

1 24 I'm thankful that our city offers this library, it's clean, beautiful, has friendly and knowledgeable staff, and it's secure.  Thank you Clark County

1 25 Good customer service.  Brian took his time explaining all the options.  No hard up sale for more expensive products.  Looks great,  competitive pricing and life time warranty. ..location a little less easy to get to for me because of construction on Stephanie but that was not an actual issue. ...I believe both drop ins and appointments are welcome. ...matter of fact Brian picked up the phone and set the appointment before they were even actually open.

1 26 Fantastic customer service and very prompt. Brian came out the same day to get me a quote for my business. Very affordable and everyone I know referred him. I can't wait for the install and will update my review once the install is done. It always makes it easier when dealing with a company that has customer service high on their business model.

0 28 Convenient location, great hours, and a notary always on site.  

1 31 Jacob and Gene at Noble are the best! Not only are they friendly, honest and professional but they do an amazing job! Today they did a fantastic job on two of my houses. I was skeptical of a company with 5/5 star reviews, seemed too good to be true but it was the truth! They are awesome. I would highly recommend them to anyone I know.

1 32 My wife wanted our X-5 tinted.  Went on yelp.com and found great reviews on Precision Window Tint.  Decided to give this a go.  They did a fantastic job.  Brian and Chelsea were extremely helpful.  They took the time to help explain the different types of tint (ceramic vs regular) and the various different type of density.  It made the selection pretty easy.    Because of the heat in Vegas, we decided to go with the ceramic tint with 15% density.  We had all the windows (sides and back tinted at 15%).  On the front, we tinted a lighter shade (Boy, was this a great decision!!).  The job was done quickly and professionally (1.5 hours).  After 4 weeks, everything looks great!  Granted, it is still late April, but, we can definitely "feel" that the temperature within our car cabin is much cooler.    We would highly recommend Precision Window Tint to anyone!  Great job!!

1 33 Hardly ever have to ship anything. When I do ship something, this is the place. Fast, friendly, and convenient. Usually like to get stamps here. Never had a package disappear. Excellent track record! They seem to have everything for your shipping needs.

1 34 I can't believe I have lived in Las Vegas this long and never thought of doing a review on this specific location especially because I live only two blocks away! I use to come to this library ALL the time when I was in high school! Very nice staff and they usually have everything that you are looking for, The variety of entertainment sections they have are great! I just wish they had more computers! I had to wait approximately 30 minutes the other day I was here but I guess that's not that bad? Anyways good library! Better than the spring valley location that's for sure.

1 35 It's been a couple of weeks and still perfect.  As soon as you get in the car you can feel the difference.  Everyone was great and the whole thing took about 90 minutes.  I happily refer anyone and everyone looking for auto tint to visit these folks.

1 37 Took the guided house tour on a Friday morning. The four of us were the only people taking the tour, which was really nice because we had all of our questions answered and were able to spend a good bit of time in the main Latta house. The grounds are really beautiful and after your house tour you can walk around and see the animals and smaller houses on the plantation. This is definitely a must for anyone from Charlotte or visiting Charlotte.

1 38 Vitali did a great job. Immediate response, quick arrival and excellent customer service. Will use this company again and refer to others.

1 39 My husband went to get fingerprinting done for his job.   The business was small but clean and well-maintained. The man behind the counter, Roberto, was cheerful and greeted us with a smile. He listened while my husband explained what he needed and then presented him with a few options to get what he needed. He even went so far as to give prices without us having to ask and offered to match competitors prices. He was quick and efficient in taking the prints and me and the hubby were out of the office in less than 15 min. A definite must recommend to anyone who needs to get prints done. If all businesses operated like this one, everything would run much more efficiently everywhere.

1 40 I highly recommend Precision Window Tint for your auto, residential or commercial window tinting. These guys are local experts and have years of success in Nevada. If you want a reputable place, friendly staff & great pricing ,then this is No Doubt your go to shop (tell Brian I sent you).   Conveniently located right off the freeway. Location is Clean & Professional.  Support LOCAL family & business !

1 41 Every single time I come in here, they are the most friendly and attentive staff! Compared to the others I've been to, they are above and beyond. They are so helpful and really seem genuinely happy. Thank you for always making my job and tasks easier in my life!!! Seriously amazing staff with the best customer service. All around.

0 42 The Sahara West Library has the best selection of audio books on CD, which is why I drove from across town in the east to pick up my audio books, but lately I have begun to appreciate your art. The art on the walls is extraordinary. Your library is unique compared to the libraries throughout Las Vegas, Nevada. 

1 43 One of my windows was broken into and I needed to get it tinted asap. I called around and other places weren't capable of tinting one window without an appointment. Fortunately, this place was awesome enough to take me in as a walk in. The customer service was amazing and the whole process took literally about 10 minutes from when they started working on my car. I only had to wait maybe 15 to 20 minutes. The end result is awesome and the price was very affordable. I appreciate the staff for the great service and I hope this place keeps it up. I would recommend this business to anyone interested in window tinting for both vehicles and homes.

1 46 This is my favorite library! Staff here are very helpful when you need them to be and it's ways neat/clean. They don't carry a huge selection of specific genres but I can always request what I'm looking for. 

1 47 In customer service industry, If someone is friendly & helpful, they will attract customers. In this high tech stuff, I rather have a good teacher than a good worker.  Thanks to Braulio & Sly for their professional assistance, extra friendly & patience when handling our adult customers.  Keep up your good work.  Indeed this Apple Store is full of Apple friendly staff.  They do work as a team to help when others are busy. BTW, sorry keep coming back to this store because they are so helpful.

1 49 Love this store so much.  The employees are all so amazing!   It's amazing how many people are staffed at one point.  I can't imagine what it's like during an iPhone or product launch.  Must be nuts!

1 50 Awesome  Didn't have an appointment but got in to see an associate fast! She did say it was the best time of day to stop in ! Resolved my issue quickly and on my way. Make the drive it's not far from South Park! Will return to this location!!

1 40 I gave my friend a couple of gifts. She decided to ship them and a bunch of other purchases that she had made home. She needed a box, so we visited this location.   This post office is in a huge plaza with plenty of parking. I ended up backing my Nissan Rogue rental in a parking spot without a hitch.   We walked in. You are first greeted with private mailboxes on either side of you. We got to the wall on the right with cardboard boxes and bubble wrap. She got a medium box and a roll of bubble wrap.   The woman at the counter was efficient and pleasant. My friend made her purchases and we were good.   We ended up coming back here. My friend had everything packed in her box. On Saturdays, this post office is open till 14:30.   (112) 

0 14 I really like this place! I've been to the Raptor center, equestrian center for a bday party and we visited the plantation for the annual Easter egg hunt. My kids really enjoyed it so looking forward to it again next year. I often see half off depot deals for the horse back riding. 

1 6 Well I think I just found my favorite thrift store in midtown Phoenix.  They have name brand cloths, the store was really clean, the staff was really friendly and they have at least 4 hooks in the dressing to hang your clothes on.  It is always nice to have a couple of hooks in the dressing room.  Most of the other thrift stores in midtown only have one hook or none at all in the dressing rooms.   The funny thing is that I did not even know this thrift store was here, until I saw a reopening sign a couple of months ago.  Also the downside on this store is that it is kind a far from my house.  But it is totally worth coming to now.  Even on half off days.    While if you like going to thrift stores for great deals you should totally come here. 

1 24 I like this 99c Only Store. The employees are nice, they pick up the phone whenever I call with a question, and their shelves are always stocked when I go. The lines can get pretty long sometimes, but that is the case even when they have more than a few lanes open. Still, I wish they would hire more people to work the cash registers. Nonetheless, the store stays pretty clean.   Ooh! Ooh! If you need stuff for holiday decorating (i.e. Halloween and Christmas), this place has an awesome aisle of stuff. And guess what? They are all 99c + tax. 

0 28 I have found some really great stuff at this location over the years.  Name brand, practically new, great stuff that I imagine the hoighty-toighty people of Arcadia and Biltmore areas drop off.  But it's always incredibly busy.  And crowded with so much stuff.  And unorganized because of the previous two things.  If you have the patience, it's well worth the hassle.  FYI - Today there was an upright piano for $400 if anyone is so inclined. 

1 10 They did a great job! They took my appointment last minute and finished tinting my windows in less than 20 minutes. The service was fantastic as well.   The shop is clean and relatively new. Plus their pricing is awesome! Only $60 to tint the front windows of an SUV!  I would absolutely recommend Precision Window Tint.

1 38 Great shipment center, they have a very helpful and upbeat staff. I came in prepared to spend $40 on overnight shipping from NV to LA but the guy that helped me out was very helpful so much so that he suggested several different things to try to get me a good deal. First he checked if getting a bigger box would've lowered the cost (it didn't, but I still appreciated the suggestion) and then he suggested One-Day Ground Shipping which knocked my shipping from $40 to $10. Score! 

0 13 I like books and free stuff and I can get FREE BOOKS (for a limited time) here!  Huge double storey space with tons of books, magazines, DVD's, and space for browsing and lollygagging in sweet silence.  This location also boasts a gift shop (what?), art gallery, and other large public areas for lectures and whatnot.  Library cards are free for Clark County residents with ID.  Ending my review here as most people are familiar with the concept of a library.  Check it out!  (Pun intended....)    ;) 

0 17 You get what you pay for.  I came here to pick up some cleaning supplies for some afternoon cleaning.  The store offers a wide variety of items and the location was easy to get in and out of. 

1 50 This place has some friendly and funny staff members. I was in and out within 15 mins with 2 people in front of me. The receptionist was very talkative and nice. It cost $25 to do my fingerprints for my guard card which is not bad. They do it electronically so you don't have all that black ink on your fingers. 

1 23 These guys did a great job on my car. The quality is amazing and no bubbles at all! Even better they were extremely fast and affordable. I'll refer anybody here and will return with any new car purchases I have. 

0 29 Hands down of my favourite places in Montreal! I attend mass over here! The building is huge! Great view as well! Its definitely a must! 

0 30 Love Bloor Gladstone Library! It is the best Toronto Public library I been to!   Love how the new and the old structure just compliment and blend with each other so nicely... love the old arches and the vaulted ceilings.. love the big huge windows that letting in all the sunshine...   Love the free WIFI.. and the numerous electric outlets for laptops or whatever you need to charge up!   Love those comfy individual armchairs... I can just have a power nap in one of them anytime!   Love the location! Right across from Dufferin subway station...   I am in LOVE!! 

0 31 I like the Luke Days!  My wife, nephew, and I went for Luke Days yesterday.  It was a great airshow.  What was especially good was the Blue Angels.  Woohoo!  That was something!  It was worth trip out of Mesa AZ.  It was worth the US$10 for parking.  Go see it!!! 

0 39 This is the Hamilton Branch of a Chandler Library, and literally right inside Hamilton High School.  I approached with my head down, because I'm scared of high schoolers, but luckily I didn't have to go into the high school to get to the library.    I'm not sure what it's like during the day, but after school is out it's full of students and some random parents with their young children.  It's a smaller than normal branch, but they have a decent selection of books and dvds.    It's definitely worth it to drive a couple miles north to the big location in downtown Chandler! 

1 40 I work in Summerlin and this is a convenient PO for dropping off packages. The line can get long but when I've gone in the early afternoon, they're fairly well staffed and employees are friendly. I've been in and out under 15 minutes, which isn't bad considering lines at other locations. Double check online if you're sending packages, the flat-rate box may be a cheaper option than using your own- and you get $1 off if you're sending to an APO! 

