 ###### Price  negative ######
1 2 Imagine a dreamy, Anthropologie-feeling store filled with dried flowers -- and that would be Roxanne's! I love wandering through this beautifully filled and merchandised space. They carry dried flowers, candles, lighting, and garden decor. Sadly, the reason I can only give this store four stores is because it is very pricey... Perfect place to ask for a Christmas present from!

1 3 After my first visit here blew!  I contacted Ashley furniture on their website and the Sales manager got back to me the following day.  He said he would honor the price of the 7 piece bed set and we had to order it because the stock gets rotated. Okay understandable.  It's $79 to deliver on the weekdays and $89 for the weekend.  I will consider my options I'm still thinking that set is a steal for $595 and the style is gorgeous.

1 7 Love UO but still very expensive, got a good selection of Levi's 511 and 510 for about $80, I can get the same pair of jeans for half that in the States!! Graphic tees are nice recently bought the Kelly Kapowski tee $25, its good quality and has a nice fit, there's some graphics that were decent but not for $25, good selection but overall very expensive

1 8 Can be pretty pricey but they have coupons!!   Location: Located in a shopping plaza. Lots of stores  Parking: Dude, it's a plaza in the suburbs. There are more parking spaces than people shopping. Go on and leave the bus pass at home!  Note: close to a viva stop if you insist on busing it  Goods: Lots of crafting things. I'm not a big crafter, I do yarn stuff but this place makes me want to do crafts. But I'm too lazy.   Store: They've just moved shelves around after 20 years. Looks good!  Staff:  Nice enough, they spend a lot of time straightening p the store so it's always nice and tidy!!   Cost: Get the online coupon. Save some $$, it can be pricey.

0 11 If I'm near a Ross, I like to go in and take a look as it is a treasure hunt as the store slogan states. I don't like to look if the clothes are packed in, and the aisles are narrow.  That was the case here.  But I managed to find something. Ross is a 1/4 mile down the Strip by the Riviera.   Racks and racks and very tight aisles.  Barely enough room for a person let alone if you've got a shopping cart.   There's two different cashier areas to pay as there two separate entrances. 

1 12 Party city is one of those places that you could wander aisle to aisle looking for the right theme for your party. Sure you could go online and purchase your party supplies at a discounted rate, but then you would miss out on all the fun of trying on that princess crown or that harry potter costume.  We came here looking for supplies for an end of the year party for our girl scout troop. We decided on a Disney princess theme, complete with a giant Elsa and Ariel balloon. We took all of our items up to the register and we waited patiently for our turn. With only three people working the whole store and one of those people behind the register, it took a good 20 minutes or so. Employees were not apologetic or really friendly at all. We then had to wait for someone to come blow up our balloons. I don't mind waiting, but it was a bummer when the sales associate didn't securely attach Ariel and we lost the top half of her to the wind. Bummer!  In the end Party City can be expensive if you ar

1 14 The swankiest grocery store in town that isn't Whole Foods or some sort of co-op.  While pricey, attractive people shop there and they have classical piped over the speakers.  Feels like shopping in some alternate America where everybody is hot and milk is one dollar more expensive.

1 17 I have a love hate relationship with Hobby Lobby. They have unique stuff that I just don't see other places but other than that, I feel like the prices are always just a little to high. They don't accept competitors coupons like Michaels and Joannes does. The sales don't seem to be as frequent or as good as other craft stores. I guess I am always surprised at the total of my bill compared to everywhere else. That being said, I still go when I need something specific that I know the other stores are just not going to have.

1 19 Pathetic. $10 just to view Ferraris that are roped off?  They could have done this in a more friendly way, perhaps at least allowing some reasonable viewing from the outside and through the glass.  The Ferrari dealer here in AZ has about the same selection and you can get as close to you want and browse on Sundays when the salesmen are not there.  What a disappointment!

0 7 I've been to this Old Navy a few times now. The location is pretty easy to access with plenty of parking. Plus, there are a lot of other shops nearby so you can get your shopping on (Pier 1, Michael's, World Market, etc). This particular Old Navy is rather large, with two entrances. Entrance one has easy access to adult/junior clothing and access two is for kid's clothing. The layout is decent, with the changing rooms in the middle. All of the new items are up front and the clearance is at the very back. Since this location is huge, they have a huge clearance section. I love looking through the clearance in hopes of a good deal but their stuff isn't drastically marked down - shirts are still $10 or above. I did score a pair of pants for $19 and a nice blouse for $12. Sometimes online you can get them cheaper (with discounts and the clearance items are really marked down). Overall, it's not a bad place to spend a few minutes looking for rather inexpensive clothing. I would recommend sho 

1 22 Chaos on earth, no enough cashiers, too expensive stuff , slow service. God bless Amazon

1 23 It has been hit or miss with this location but they missed the mark with me for the last time. I purchased a pick a couple of months ago only to have it break. I took it back to exchange it and the lady at the returns desk wouldn't exchange it. I get that they no longer carry the one I had but give me something for an exchange. The sales associate tried really hard to get her to look it up online but she wouldn't budge. I left the pick there (a piece of junk) and went to Lowes. I will no longer spend any money at Home Depot.

0 30 So my brother and I went to go check out and we went to separate cash registers and my brother got this rude lady probably in her mid 40s and she told him that his pillow was 45 dollars yet on the back scanner and on the sign it say 29.99 so it wasn't ringing up right so instead of helping him she just said sorry that's the final price. So I was listening and then my cashier Becca rang mine up and the same thing happened. So I explained to her that it was posted for cheaper and she took matters into her own hands and then I told my brother to go get his pillow again and he got it for 29.99. Thank you Becca five stars for her and 0 stars for the troll with red hair that my brother had to deal with 

1 31 My review is for 3.5 stars- the prices are better than the Albertson's across the way, but the customers are so freaking weird. And the panhandlers are annoying. It's in our area, so it's convenient, which is why we go. My husband shops here the most for groceries- rewards. (I go to Wal-Mart ,Target & Fresh & Easy mostly). I once saw Cook E Jarr here past midnight, wearing the gold chains over his hairy chest in an open butterfly collar shirt, with his thick big hair and darkened big shades- yeah, not nice, super cheesy. I see a former realtor working/moonlighting here as a cashier/assistant manager, from time to time.

0 34 Appliances shoppers beware....HD absolutely rips customers off!   We went in on labor day looking for new appliances, we were considering a new washer and dryer and a dishwasher.  We waited awhile for the sales guy, Al wasvery helpful. We decided to wait on the washer/ dryer but started ringing up the dishwasher. Of course, the item we picked was out of stock yet they had one on the floor. The item was $399, and on sale for $279. They offer free shipping on items over $396. So, this would mean that they TACK ON AN ADDITIONAL $59 for delivery. I said, I wanted to pick it up at the store, this is NOT an option, only delivery. So, I'm being charged $59 bucks on a sale item that not one store has in stock...absolutely bullshit!   The right thing to do would be to sell me the store model, discount one you have in Stock, offer free delivery or just let me pick up the item I want.   I left there after losing an hour of my time, and went to Lowe's, I saved $50 on an upgraded dishwasher and the 

1 32 Meh. For  this place having such bad reviews......it sure was hella busy.  The parking lot was a nightmare today, be prepared to park far.  Before I went today, I went on their website, and they had a coupon for two amounts. Spend under $100, get 15% off. Spend $100 or more, save 25%.....not bad.  When I walked in, the line for the register was curved around into the isles. I saw multiple people with carts, but I couldn't locate them. I found an associate, who had no problem showing me where they are located....where I found one that thankfully had a "stroller" part on the front.....a broken strap, but thankfully, my daughter didn't try to escape.  The store was very messy, and picked through, but I think that this is because of the amount of people that were here. I see people saying how "overpriced" things are...Last time I checked, designers like VERA WANG, Jennifer Lopez , Rock & Republic, and Lauren Conrad have always been expensive....However, they had lots of sales today. Many 3

1 34 ZOMG IT'S A TARGET REVIEW!!!!!!! TARGET!!!!   No, seriously I'm reviewing a place where I pick up random odds and ends. The only problem I have with this location is that you can NEVER find an employee if you have a question. This one is set up well enough and everything is marked but having no one around makes Jon a sad panda. Not to mention the prices can be a bit...well...pricey(see what I did there?).   Do yourself a favor and shop here instead of Walmart. You will feel less gross afterward, trust me.

1 37 Was looking to repair my boyfriend's iPhone 6 Plus screen. We called multiple places that were charging $120+. I came across this business on Yelp & I gave them a call for a quote. They told me it would be $50 to replace the screen. That was way cheaper than the other places we've called. When we got there, the employee asked me what the quote was that someone gave me. I think it was actually supposed to be $66, but the person I spoke to over the phone gave the wrong price. Either way, they honored the price that they told me over the phone. They told us it would take about 90 minutes due to having other people ahead of us, but they were finished in 30 minutes. They did a great job fixing the screen. I hope I don't have to come back lol. But if I do need another repair, I'd come back here.

1 39 The employees here are super nice, friendly and helpful. However, the vendors are basically storing there stuff there for you to look at. Things are way too overpriced. You can't throw a postcard in a cheap walmart frame and ask $9 for it. Its a great store to see history, things that are no longer in use, but if the vendors are truly wanting people to leave with items and spread the beauty of antiques they need to lower the prices and make things a little more affordable.

0 47 Ohhhhhhhhhhhh, Wal-Mart. How I detest shopping at you. HOWEVER, same as most poor Americans, I cannot and will not stop shopping at you. Mainly because I refuse to spend a few extra bucks at another store for the same exact sh*t.  Anyway..... Yes, this Wal-Mart is decent. I went to one in the NE area, and needless to say, it was very scary. Because this one is in Henderson, it's pretty safe and there aren't any people outside begging you for money, or asking you to help them return stolen merchandise.  I know two people that work here, and they are really nice. Add one star for that lol. The second star is for the nifty little nail salon they have inside. The third star is for cleanliness and safety.  My main issue with this Wal-Mart is every time I pick a line, it always ends up turing into a five hour wait to get rung up. HENDERSON, aren't you supposed to be the rich area, here? I think you can afford to hire some more damn cashiers.  And for the love of God, start enforcing the "20  

1 40 This place was wonderful, I came in just before 6 on Friday, and was able to get out by 6:30 with a brand new screen for my 4s for a cool $38 with the Yelp deal (they honored the discount without having to purchase the deal). The waiting lobby was pretty comfortable, and there was free wifi so bring another device to make the wait a little less painful. The staff was great, very nice. Others mentioned getting a free case, or free screen cover- I didn't, but I'm sure had I asked they would have offered. I was way too excited to get my phone back at such a great price that I was already dancing out of the office.   This place was a little difficult to find, but only because I'm a but of a skeptic. When maps tells you that it's on the Tropicana and N. Tamarus, trust it. Park on the eastern-most side, and take the stairs to the second floor. Good luck!

0 41 Time for another updated review.  The Boscov's closed because of that chain's financial difficulties.  Macy's now dominates the retail scene, having merged both Lazarus and Kaufmann's.  I really wonder what will go into the vacant space.    Time was the retail scene in Pittsburgh was dominated by two locally-owned chains--Horne's and Kaufmann's. 

1 43 Walgreens is usually the place you go when nothing else is open (Hello Christmas day.), but this location closes too early for any late night grabs. Their items are over-priced unless you catch a sale.  I like their seasonal sales.  You can find some really cute things.  I found some awesome Nightmare Before Christmas knick knacks, like a snow globe, for a fairly good price.   I use Walgreens for my all of my printed photo needs.  Upload photos at home via computer or iPhone app and they're always ready on time, as promised in the store.    I've never had any issues with this store.  (Knock on wood.)  FYI - They sell reduced-priced bus passes for the youngsters, just ask an employee.

0 16 After countless experiences being treated lesser-than by elitists at other stores around town, I moved to the East Valley and found Ash Ave. Finally, there was a shop that treated me as though I had equal capacity to consume, enjoy, and discuss comics. Plus, Drew truly knows his stuff. I've been a loyal customer ever since.   Whether you're a long-time reader or you've just been wanting to get into the world of comics, don't give your money to soulless internet retailers, come here instead. In the age of dying comic stores, this one is worth any drive.

1 47 I dread going to this walmart because it is so busy. But, you cannot deny how less expensive household items are here rather than the grocery store. Plus, Walmart will match all prices in the grocery mailer and all competitor coupons. So I try to be as organized as ever to get the most savings for the hassle it is to shop here. The parking lot can be dangerous for your car so park a ways out.

1 48 I suppose if you're the Duke or Dutchess of a business you're obligated to review... Not that I think people are going to bookmark this or anything, but here goes. I never ever ever shopped at Walgreens for anything other than prescriptions until 2014. I felt they were over priced and really couldn't imagine who would waste their time there. And then... Dun da da! I randomly started Couponing, and my entire Walgreens perspective changed! I now shop Walgreens weekly, and I'm only slightly embarrassed to say I'm often seen shopping there multiple times a week! Some might say I'm a Walaholic.  So here's the lowdown on this Wags location. Annette in cosmetics is the sweetest, nicest, most patient and helpful cashier I've ever dealt with! She bar none, hands down makes this location my #1 favorite Walgreens on the West side (trust me I frequent them all). The management here is also very nice, they know me, smile and say hi not because they have to, but because they are genuinely happy to s

0 28 Need cool hardware for your newly remodeled bathroom? In the mood for some DIY instructional classes? Got a troublesome case of fire ants in your laundry room? How about some annoying crab grass taking over your luscious lawn?  Home Depot is the place you should be! I do have some bias here, as I believe their prices are more reasonable than Lowe's (competitor).   After all, this was one of the first credit cards I opened after I got hitched in late 2002. We're divorced now, but I'm still a loyal HD fan and have never lost the loving feeling.  Plus, the smell (think sawdust, packaging, fresh soil, and the lightest scent of pesticide) is heavenly in their stores. Wait... is that wierd?? 

0 32 I usually end up coming in here with my boyfriend, sitting on the benches they have in the store, and staring at the shoes while my boyfriend shops around. That's because they typically don't have any sneakers in my size and they definitely don't have any women's shirts and clothing. That's what Stussy next door is for.   The hats are premium quality, better than your usual 59/50 New Era fitted.   I love that Las Vegas has an UNDFTD location because we're more likely to pay this place a visit rather than the location in LA.   UNDFTD is essentially heaven for hypebeasts. The store is located by the Hard Rock Hotel and UNLV.


 ###### Price  positive ######
1 5 Totally recommended. Top notch customer service, price and quality. Made our decision easy. And delivery by today! What?!? Thanks to Andrew & Ron! 

1 10 Oh Target!  You are big corporate America!  But how can I not love you so?  Your prices are the best whenever I need household goods like detergents, cleaners, etc.  For personal effects such as toiletries, soap, etc, you can't be beat!  Your cookware and bakeware department is every bit as good as Macy's!  And I see you have the retro tees too.  You know:  Yes http://www.dovenetq.net.au/~mahayes/Graphics/YesLogoFullCircle1.jpg Boston http://www.vinylrecords.ch/B/BO/Boston/Boston/boston-63.jpg Led Zeppelin http://henrikfalck.com/blog/uploaded_images/LedZeppelinLedZeppelinalbumcover-716782.jpg  We know what "retro tee" means:  faux aged, catering to boomers and teens, and costing way more than they origianlly did.  Oh and made in China of course! 

1 13 Yes, textbooks are expensive... no matter where you go.  For my books this semester, I shopped around and found the prices at Rebelbooks to be competitive.  I also like that you can walk through the store and select your own textbooks rather than have someone pick one out for you from behind the counter.  In addition to my positive buying experience, I ran into a problem with one of my textbooks (no fault of the bookstore).  The manager was willing to help me out and ended up saving me a lot of money.  Customer service is key and they definitely have it at Rebelbooks. 

1 3 I am not much of an outdoorsman, but you don't need to be to enjoy this place, surviving a Canadian winter is reason enough to come in.   I have purchased much of my winter workwear here, and have even found some of the Redhead branded clothing better than some of their big name brand counterparts they even have a lifetime warrantee on some of their socks which is a great bonus. They carry a wide selection of name brand clothes such as Carrhart, The North Face, Under Armour and Columbia.   I have also purchased BBQ utensils from here and have been happy with them.   They carry a wide variety of items from tents and BBQ's to socks, shoes and boots, knives, guns and clothing and that's what keeps us coming back, we just might find what we're looking for at a reasonable price here.

1 18 I love Macy's and always have!  You can beat a good Macy's clearance.......period. Move over Kohls, when Macy's is having a sale you simply can't beat the price and quality of the items that you find.  The INC line is my favorite and it is VERY closely followed by the great selection of Coach products that they carry. I have never seen so much Coach on sale as I have at seen at this location.  I am a new fan of the Martha Stewart home stuff that Macy's carries! Nice high quality bake ware and bedding!  Staff is friendly and helpful and the store doesn't seem to ever be over crowded. I also love the Starbucks Coffee Shop that they have at this location!  Only thing I could say is a con to this particular location is that their women's clothing department is lacking. Since the store is smaller than the other nearby locations they obviously can't hold as much. Even still, I still find that I frequent this location more than any other. 

0 16 Very cozy environment. The staff is friendly and not pushy. I can sit on their demo furniture for 20 minutes without been interrupted. However, their FREE Starbuck coffee taste like water. Well. It's FREE.   I went there for the painting and rugs. Unfortunately, their products seem to be over-priced comparing to other wholesale furniture warehouse.   Since I came all the way from Gilbert, they said that I will have to pay for extra shipping cost? Or I have to pick it up by myself? I wonder if the sales rep is new or simply telling me the wrong story?   I did not buy the painting there, because you can find identical one online from other warehouse at lower price. I guess that's one of the reason they don't even offer Free WiFi.   I will still give them 4 stars for their friendly and cozy environment. 

1 4 I really like this place.  I used to do a lot of antiquing with my parents back on the East Coast.  In all honesty antique places west of the Mississippi usually don't impress me due to that.  But I've been here three times and have enjoyed each visit. I find that most of the prices are quite reasonable and there's a wide variety of items to check out.  I mostly focus on military collectables, toys, sci fi and other oddities.  Today I left with a really cool bank from the late 1950's/early 1960's that was shaped like a rocket ship.  I'll keep checking back about once a month to see what else they have.

1 5 H&M consistantly has clothes that I like, for reasonable prices.  It's usually one of the 1st places I'll hit when I'm out shopping.  This location is much bigger than the H&Ms I've been too... it even has baby clothes!    So what was wrong?  Well, I was shopping with a guy who's a size 'L' and they barely had his size in the style and color he wanted.  Most of the things he found he couldn't get or had to choose another color in because they were out of 'L'.   I haven't shopped this location for girls as I normally shop in Cali but, I hope this doesn't happen to me too if I go back!  Might see ya there.

1 6 I could spend hours and my entire paycheque in this store. I love housewares, kitchen gadgets and basically anything to do with that stuff.  It was pretty easy to find what I was looking for and the prices were pretty good.   Parking is plentiful and easy.

0 24 I usually find better deals here than anywhere else and always what I need. I went looking for red bell peppers but the 1st store didn't have one and the 2nd one the peppers were rotted. Will try again since they have better stock than others.

1 8 Love this place! Awesome prices on crystals, incense and other metaphysical items. The staff is so nice and informative! Will be back

1 9 I have known of Hong Kong's existence for quite a while but hesitated to stop by for fear of high prices and way too many hipsters for one store but a couple days ago I decided to take the plunge!   I was so impressed by the selection of vintage clothes, bags, shoes, jewelry, and home goods that I am going to stop in once a week to check for some new goodies! Everything is in excellent shape and the prices are so reasonable--I barely saw anything over 30 bucks! I loved everything I tried on and made an incredibly long mental Wish List of the things I have to go back to check on! For fabulous and unique pieces at a great price, it is worth your time to stop in.

1 10 Breakfast sandwiches over in the deli are only $2.49 from 7am-10am and are soooo delicious! The girl at the counter was super nice! Starbucks crew is awesome! Great store!

1 27 Its a good looking hobby store, very clean inside & a ton of crazy things you need you didn't know you needed. Only thing that throws me off is the constant 40-60% off pricing, please just rock bottom the prices. I'll get that warm & fuzzy feeling knowing that I'm getting things at a good price. Showing up & the things I don't know I' m looking for are on sale-just plain crazy....It's like they knew I was coming 

1 40 As soon as we walked in we were greeted by Jim. Who helped us through the whole way and showed us their top seller. It's our first stop mattress shopping and had two more places to check out. But product was comfortable and price was right.  Jim passed us along to Phil who then provided us great customer service. He asked if we had any questions and priced out everything for us and we were out of there in less than 30 minutes with a purchase.   Delivery just so happen to have availability same day, so what I thought was going to be a drawn out process shopping for mattress, stop here first and you won't need to go anywhere else.  They have all different price range of mattress for your needs and it's no pressure sale. If you are looking for something lower in price, just say it and options are given. We ended up with one of their top sales, first bed when you walk in. Ocean Breeze Egyptian King. 

1 11 This place is like Winners on crack!   It's packed full of good stuff - if you have the time and energy.  I scored a Juicy bag for 39.99 regular 99.99 and a Guess bag same price!!  Super cute cocktail dress I wore to Tao, and a few other finds the first trip.  I was actually on a bus on my way to The New Rock boot store, when I saw the Ross sign looming ahead. I made the bus stop. I got off and said to myself .." just a quick peek.... " YA RITE!! Needless to say, I never made it to the other store.  My second trip, I spent longer. I had my cart with 6-8! Items picked out. I wandered off and came back to find my cart had been taken- never to be seen again.  My thoughts were - get pissed off ? Or I probably didn't need it anyway. Found a few other items, replaced a tank top for my BF, and off I went.  Ross oh Ross how I love you so !

1 12 Went to get school supplies to donate to Canyon Ridge Christian Church to help out kids in need.  You can hate on Wal-Mart but I was able to buy much needed supplies at a more affordable price than anywere else.

1 13 So I was pleasantly surprised by this little shop.  Used and new games, records and books.  Needed a game for my niece and ended up buying a new WiiU game for a great price.  I donated a book to a local school and hopefully I'll win the portable record player because of it!  Found the U2 Joshua Tree record for 19 bucks...so I need that record player!

1 14 OMG. Designer shoes in big sizes. Finally. Usually the only place I can go to the actual store and have my size (13 women's) in stock is Payless. Now I have another option for higher end shoes when I don't want to order online!  Oh yeah, they have other stuff too. Great sale racks.

1 44 Great value and selection... Burlington Coat factory has some amazing mark downs, but like Ross you really have to sift through the layers upon layers of clothing in order to find something worth the (discounted) price.  Overall the store is laid out in sheer madness.  The different departments intersect with the super discounts and the new items all over the store.  Alas, the designer shirts, suits, and ties for the men are neat. 

1 17 Super selection of hard cover and paper back mystery novels. Shelves are well organized and I had to problem looking for authors and books that I am interested in. I also looked in the video game section and they had a fairly good selection of PS3 games. I sold them four PS3 games and got a fair price for them that I used to buy new books . The staff is friendly and they make an offer on your items very quickly. If they are not interested, they bag them up for you. I certainly will bring more stuff to them to sell and buy more used books.

1 18 What a wonderful vintage store! Holy cow. I just love it. Really fun place to wander through, even if  you don't buy anything! It's also great if you want some old vintage clothing, furniture, decor, shoes.. Anything! I got a great 60's dress here for a Mad Men themed party for a reasonable price and found some cute gloves to pair with it. I could spend hours in this store! It's really big and packed full of treasures.

1 19 I really love Bookmans. Their huge selection of used books is the best in the valley. In many instances they have a much broader selection of harder-to-find books, in store, than all the retail chains, and I've found that even when the retail chains have what I'm looking for, they always have to order it because they don't have it stocked.   Specifically I bought a book recently on alternative healing from Amazon. I  paid $4 over the cover price (unknowingly) because I wanted it so badly and couldn't find it new in any store. I didn't even think to go to Bookmans, but when I was there this past weekend, I saw TWO copies of that book in very good condition for less than half the cover price. It shouldn't have surprised me but it did. The store always surprises me. They've got such a wide array of stuff, from electronics to used magazines to DVDs. It's a bargain shopper/reader/collector's paradise~! 

1 20 I have just as much fun shopping here for my house as I do shopping for shoes! They have so much to choose from such as artificial flowers,  scrapbook supplies, lamps, candles, frames, furniture show pieces, fabric, and tons of holiday items. What is always great is that their sale prices are amazing and some section is always on sale, but even if it wasn't their prices are pretty reasonable. The store is bright and very tidy. My only sadface comment is that I wish their store was open on Sunday, but I respect the businesses decision to observe the Sabbath.

1 21 I came here to buy some tennis equipment. They almost don't have any rackets. Shoes for women is catastrophic. They said new ones will be shipped soon but didn't know when. Still got some clothes ( although almost nothing to choose from) and a ball basket for a low price. The staff was kind and helpful.

1 49 Lots of stuff. Mostly clothes, kids toys, and the like.  Thus place is definately Latino/Mexican themed.  All music and food is Mexican.  Most vendors are Mexican.  Cost $1.50 to get in.  Outside, so go early to avoid the heat, and parking lot was full when I left around 1:30.  People waiting for my spot.  Found a nice 8x10 rug for $90.  Got some camo cargo shorts for $10.  Can barter prices with vendors.  

1 22 Huge selection of items to choose from and always has awesome sales going on.  I have a credit card with them just to get the extra discounts.  You can pay for your card bill at the registers so I make my purchase and then pay off the amount on the card right after so I can get my extra discounts but not get the interest on the card.  The clearance section is always a mess and you really have to do a lot of sorting.  Set asides some extra time if you are a clearance shopper.  They often have 70% off section and I can get baby clothes for $2.   You will find excellent prices if you just have a little patients.  Return policy is amazing.  You do not need your receipt if you purchased on your kohl's card.  They have never given me a hassle with any returns and they customer service employees are always cheerful even after the Christmas holiday.  They have great shopping carts for all styles of life.  They have car seat holders, child holders, handicap style, and much more.  They are small

1 23 First time I went to this place I spent 3 1/2 hours in there. I swear I probably walked the whole place at least twice. Great GREAT selection and the prices are definitely fair. I've spent alot of time there and the best part is that each time you can always find a new treasure as the dealers are always bringing in new stuff and keeping things fresh. I love LOVE antique shopping and if you're in Vegas this is definitely the place to go! Also want to note that they will be moving their location so starting April 1st-29th 2012 they will be discounting a ton of items!!! last day open at charleston location will be 4/29 and they will then be moving to 560 S. Decatur, next to Arizona Charlies in the old Peter Piper Pizza building

1 24 If your looking for lots of ideas to decorate your house or make crafts Hobby Lobby is the place to go. Great prices and big selection. I went there to get stuff for a card box. I was happy how it came out.

1 25 Went to their website and got to chat with someone right away. Made me feel comfortable while online. Went to the store was greeted right away by friendly staff. The owner greeted me like he knew me for years. Felt right at home. I definitely recommend if you are selling . Gave me a beat price in town. 

1 27 Huge selection of books at very competitive prices. I often find books at this location which I'm unable to at other used book stores like ABC and BMV. Plus the books at this store are almost always cheaper.   I would like to point out though that there isn't a graphic novel or comic cook section, if that's what you're interested in.

1 29 Times I've been here, have been great.  Great low prices and easy to find the items.  Even at one time, I couldn't find this B & B powder to cook and I asked an associate for help. He couldn't find it on the shelves, went to the back and took a good minute back there, and came out with a box that I ended up purchasing

1 30 I had a perfect chest and back wax which would seem easy but before I came here I went to 2 other places that did an absolute horrible job. Anyway, the girl at Sweet Virginia did my wax really quick and didn't miss a hair. She gave some really good tips on things to do to prevent bumps, which so far is working. The price is really really good and the room was very nice and comfy. Highly recommend!

1 31 Great store their stuff are always nice their prices are very reasonable I like their vegs. They are just as good as any other grocery store and cheaper they even sell trash cans cheaper then Wal-Mart but what is so important to me is their customer service that is why I recommend them to any one the store is always nice and clean

1 33 Great store to take your kids to. They also have a lot of authentic Japanese made kitchen gadgets. Prices are reasonable and the staff is very friendly.

1 36 I love going here with my kids. It only cost $1.50 per person and you can go out and come back in with a hand stamp. No bad. They have a wide range of items there. It's your typical swap meet/flea market. You won't be able to find too much antique stuff, mostly new and yard sale items. Price is reasonable but you will need to barter for lower prices. The food court has some good food. From Hawaiian to Mexico to Italian to Asian food. Lots of culture mix. It's a pretty good size place, should take you about 1 to 2 hours of walking. Sometimes they'll have a band playing in the middle of the flea market...mostly Hispanic music but nevertheless, some music.

1 37 What a wonderful experience went in with a shattered phone and walked out good as new! Great experience highly recommend. Not too pricey either.

1 38 My favorite place to shop is Publix. This is the second Publix that I have been to. Usually, up at the one in Huntersville. Look forward to another Publix opening up in Cornelius. In general, I shop at Publix like 3-4 times a week. They are so convenient for me that after hours I run and pick up milk and snacks.  Their Publix brand of products are really good. The roasted chicken that comes in BBQ, Lemon Pepper, and Mojo. Always, someone to help out with recipes for fish and cooking meats.  Prices are inexpensive and there is no need for a membership card. Always shop for their specials and weekly sales this is where you get the best bargains.

1 39 Came here for my 21st birthday. I was with two friends and we got 1 beer, 2 tequila shots, and 2 cocktails. The bartender, William, was so kind and paid for my entire tab because it was my birthday. He was such a sweetie! The atmosphere is super cool and pretty inexpensive! 

1 40 Its a nice store.  Been to the Tatum/Bell store 2 times in two weeks.  First time found a cute purse and necklace and cookie jar.  Second time a cute bracelet.  I guess that is good.  Lots of the same stuff the second trip.  Looks a little bare for the size of the store.  Nice staff and good prices.  I will go again!

1 42 This place.is.amazing and I will be returning...i went here today and immediately when I walked in I was in amazement...it is so hip and fun and fabulous...it is like nothing I have ever seen in arizona...it looks like it should be in new york or san francisco or even LA...it is so colorful but yet dark too...the way the store is set up is its divided.into several areas/sections...it is to represent the different artists/designers/genres...you have to be there to completely understand...i love the diverse styles they have in there I think everyone could find something here...they have everything from clothing to accessories...handbags...furniture...childrens items...fun gifts...and so much more...i am not giving this place enough justice...the prices are awesome...i love how this place has such an appreciation for the local talent and are willing to give them a great opportunity...this place is beautiful...the two that were in the store were.nice they just let me browse.and walk throug 

1 43 This place has some amazing collections! I could spend a day wandering the booths and still not see it all. I have to say a lot of items are priced high, but there are a lot of amazing treasures. I purchased a lemon yellow lamp from the 60's for $35, and old clock radio from the 80's.  The staff was nice, and helpful when some items were not priced.  I know it's a new store since they moved a while back. It's seems clean and organized.   Can't wait to go back.

1 44 This place is just WOW, huge, neat, massive selection, friendly staff. Could not believe my eyes when I walked into this massive store. Huge selection and to make things more appealing, I compared prices to amazon, and they are competitive. Ended up buying a drum set. Awesome

1 45 Shoe Heaven - or Shoe Hell.  I guess that depends on how much you spend at the end of the day. LOL. I really like this place, especially the back wall that holds all the clearance shoes.  Plan of attack - enter building - go to back wall - find your size - find your deal! Plus, this place is huge. You can find anything from boots to slippers to fancy heels for a night on the town.  Its definitely a go to place if your hunt is for shoes- you won't be disappointed.  DSW - Y not :)

1 47 Now this is a Ross store! Huge and plenty of items for men as well as women. Two floors, I found more here in an hour then most other Ross stores I've shopped combined; for men. A great way to save a little cash when shopping in Vegas.

1 48 Cool clothes and not too bad of prices. I'd call that a win.

1 49 This is my go to spot. All the people who work here are friendly and the bud tenders always point me in the direction of some really good flower. The prices are reasonable and they get the medical patients taken care of relatively quickly too. I've referred a bunch of friends and family to this dispensary too specifically because they have quality products.

1 50 I found this place hard to find and figure out parking.  Once the three kdis and I got inside I was suprised by how small it was.  I was also suprised to find that it had almost as many toys as candy.  The prices were reasonable for a boutique style candy store.  My kids had a good time picking out treats.  The crazy glass bottle sodas were fun.  The one my son picked turned his tounge, teeth and lips neon blue.


 ###### Service  negative ######
1 2 I've been to the Fashion Show and Town Square locations, but I'll just review my most recent experience at this location, which I like just as much as the others.  I set an appointment online with no problem. Arrived about 15-20 minutes early, but I was greeted right away and asked to check in with another representative. Cool beans.  Noticed they were slightly behind, but I'm not in a rush, plus going in I had expectations of them being busy. It's Apple.  Gah... I wish I could remember my tech's name 'cause she was just as nice and courteous - just remember it starting with a D. She let me fully explain my iPhone problem, then she walked me through diagnosing with their speakers. She literally could tell that the difference I had with it compared to hers. Before trying to replace my phone, she wanted to know if I had any questions for her and I brought up how I bought the device from my cell provider. Not wanting to cause any problems with them, she wrote me a notice to bring to them 

0 4 As far as comic book store go, this place is pretty standard. I'm not saying that in any sort of negative way at all either. They've got a really solid collection of recent issues as well as graphic novels. Their manga section is so-so, their toys are slim, but what taints my experience here is the back issues selection. I was looking for some issues of Fathom and could not for my life find anything. The girl at the cashier was really great and friendly as she tried to help me find what I was looking for, but even she commented on how disorganized those boxes were.  Like I said, don't get me wrong because this place is still great; comics, staff, and all. I guess I'm more of an Atomic Comics kinda fan just in terms of what they offer overall. 

1 5 Come on, Safeway.  You are pretty much the only game in town for downtown right now.  You would think your corporate office would recognize this and remodel and class this place up a bit.  You have people who have money to spend living all over downtown Phoenix now.  The store needs to clean up its act, improve its customer service and cater to a new demographic emerging downtown.  If I had a new better choice downtown, I would never step back in this rundown location.

1 3 Awful service!! The floor boards I needed were in reachable, walked around to find help and a group of employees were standing talking, when I asked for assistance with the floor boards they all started at each other as if to say "I'm not taking it, you take it" after a good 30 seconds of silence, one finally came to help. The board on the top was VERY damaged so I asked for the one below and and the other 3 I needed. The associate did not say ONE WORD to me the entire time!!!! Rude!!  Then, I went on to find a ceiling fan adapter kit I asked another associate for help and he stated "I don't work in this department, I don't know what you'll be needing, but I'll look" then I asked about the kits and he says "This is all we sell." I had to ASK him to try and find someone in this dept. to assist me and answer the questions I had....  Absolutely nuts!!  I will NEVER go back to this location....in fact... I'll just go to Lowes!!!

1 4 After my wedding reception, I have to take a star away from my previous review of Metcalfe's.   For our cocktail hour, I chose Metcalfe's to provide some appetizer trays as they were on my venue's preferred caterer list and I had experience of their quality product. It was definitely a bit more than I'd usually pay for trays of meats, cheeses, and the like, but I chalked this up to a wedding expense and didn't think much of it.  Come the day of the wedding, I was happy hitched and getting photos taken when I get a call "Hi, this is SoAndSo from Metcalfe's and I have a delivery." "Yes," I say. "I'm the bride and I'm not there. There are 2 planners on site as well as venue staff." "But I'm at the back door and no one is here. I have a delivery," says Metcalfe's dude. "I'm not there! I've just gotten married. I'm having my pictures taken. Please just go knock on the front door. There are a bunch of people who can help you." "Yeah, I went to the front door, but it says {the venue} is close

1 5 This world is so frustrating sometimes. Went to Walmart to grab a pool float, well as I am walking down the aisle. I see a man and a stroller bent over with some pilers and a box. Well it made a noise and I booked it back, he threw down the pilers and put the box in the stroller. Leaving the security tag and the pilers . I followed him and went to security. Told him what the man was wearing. He said "oh people are watch the cameras they will get it if they see anything". So basically this guy walked off with what I'm guessing is a cell phone without paying for it.  In my mind I was weary because he had his kid with him. But SERIOUSLY! What is wrong with people.   Do nothing about criminal activity and let him get away. I only wonder what his child will learn from him. Smdh basically they do nothing when informed of someone stealing. Your loss prevention isn't working

1 6 The drive through service SUCKS!!!! Always in line FOREVER. Why I keep going back, no idea. Literally in line at a drive through for at least 10 minutes every single time. Horrible.

1 7 To the young lady working last night with no name tag on, speak up, speak clearly, do not walk away from a sick, tired costumer. If you were having a bad night, ok, but your behavior was unacceptable.  The first girl was nice, still messed my insurance up, but it was fixed eventually by the girl previously mentioned, (good try at redeeming yourself.)  Pharmacist - thanks for pointing out I was right about being allergic to the meds the urgent care prescribed. Good call.

1 8 Just left had such a horrible experience here, as im trying on some pants i needed for work my son is playing with a soccer ball outside of the fitting room halls, the security a younger guy comes with such a horrible and rude attitude and says you better take that ball away before i take it from him, like wtf how the hell you talk to someones kid in that voice, and with. that attuide, we were gonna purchase those pants and that soccer ball, so whats the problem that my kid wants to play with it while im trying some pants, ok well stay with your ball and pants, i dont see why a security would think its ok to talk to kids like that, theres ways of saying stuff but not the way he did! such a horrible person. So lucky I couldn't punch his face!

1 9 always awkward walking in but staff are actually pretty friendly and helpful. They don't really have a lot of merchandise but I dig the simplicity. Shoes on the left and clothing on the right. They sometimes get limited edition shoes for you sneaker heads out there. It's a nice shop but just not enough merchandise.

0 10 Was there for Fromage D'ici, how do you rate a shopping mall if you ain't a mallrat? 

1 11 This walmart has a nice selection. Compared to the states though, it was hardly a superstore.  I don't know what it's like during the day, but at night its the best time to shop. Not much people.   I usually buy some produce here but remember to check the date.   The only thing I dislike is if you really wanted to find something or wanted expertise on something. Don't expect to get any help cuz most of the assosciates I spoke to did not know anything.... sigh

1 12 Went there a few times.     Their customer service is horrible.    They order the wrong sizes and fail to correct it.   Go to another scrub store.

1 13 I went to the Fragrance department to pick up a bottle of Versace cologne and the sales lady rang my $50 gift card up as 50 cents. She couldn't back out of the charge on one computer, so then we went to another one, where she couldn't get the gift card to go back to the original amount. She called someone on the phone and when she got off she said, "They said our system is down and you'll have to wait for 30 minutes." She asked if I had other shopping to do and I indicated that I didn't. My son and I then had to walk around the mall for 30 minutes, with other errands to run that day. When I returned, the card went through. NEVER did this employee take responsibility for her error, and NEVER did she once apologize for the inconvenience! If she had only done that, I would not be writing this review. Pathetic customer service, especially when I am buying an $82 bottle of cologne!

1 14 Not very happy with the pharmacy. Dropped off my sick son's medicine at 3pm. Went through the the drive thru after 7pm and nobody could find the prescription anywhere. After 10 minutes it was "found lost in the system" I was a told to come back after they filled it. I guess my sick child is of no importance to them. I'll try CVS next time.

1 15 Looking for specific ceramic mugs for an artsy Christmas gift, instead found a few Christmas gifts for my niece & nephew.  Very helpful employees throughout the store, however when we got there, we were solicited by a girl selling candy.  Then, they only had two cashiers & a line that backed up to who knows where.  Short staffed for the holidays, but fully staffed w/ help throughout the store?  Mom & I put our stuff back & left.  $15-20 worth of stuff for a 20 minimum wait, no thanks.

1 16 Extremely poor attitude-problem from the seamstress, short and straight black hair, at this Lululemon.  I do not understand what her issue was or if she was just mad she was working during the after-holiday-rush, but she gave me a huge attitude during my time there to get my boyfriend's pants hemmed.  If I acted like that at my job I would be fired.  You're in the service industry so don't be a b-tch.  I did let the manager know how I was treated but she seemed to not take my complaint very seriously.  I don't feel like she listened or apologized for what happened even though she said she would speak with her.  I'm a small shareholder of this company so I am especially mad.

0 15 For a strip mall, it ain't a half-bad place to torch spare time if you're awaiting that magical text from Burgatory telling you that a table is finally ready after 45 minutes. Until about 5 years ago, I had imagined Waterworks to be an upscale indoor mall, one I only heard about from kids I went to high school with. It wasn't until a trip to Ichiban 5 years ago that I discovered that it's a mere shopping center with some extra bells and whistles such as Uncle Sam's, Barnes & Nobles, Five Guys, Staples, etc.   So come on out. Put on some designer clothes. Shop with the rich folk. Wait for room at Burgatory.

0 16 Meh. I've experienced better.  Standard Target selection to be found at this one.  Only thing that takes it down a notch below others is the cleanliness of the store.  Not filthy -- just not up to par. 

1 17 The line here is always 15 20 minutes.  Getting fabric cut can be 30+ minutes. The employees are not knowledgable.  This store is a pot the swallows hours of your time. This is a regular occurrence.  Something should change.

1 18 This is the battle of the misinformed.  This store is in need of new management, that can hire people that know customer service.  I was directed to this Target, by another Target location(so I was a fan of Target for many years). I was told they had a Fitbit Surge on hold for me. They supposedly had 3 of them.   Another associate at another location called while I stood right beside her.  First I don't see an associate in electronics.  When I ring the bell, a kid tells me he will be with me in a few minutes.  He could have called someone else like the Target on Green Valley Parkway did.  Instead, I waited for him, only to find they were out of stock.  I was told to go to Guest Services.  They had a Fitbit for Brock, none for me.  The left hand doesn't know what the right hand is doing.  I won't beg any store to take my money.  I love shopping local, but in cases like this, I MUST shop with Amazon.com. I did just that, and saved money.  Target's slogan is expect more, pay less.  Yeah, 

0 20 This mall has a horrible selection and they have horrible mall management. The mall is so cheap they don't have the AC on during the summer and they have the heat blasting so high in the winter that you sweat no matter the season. 

0 21 Despite being one of the cleanest and most well organized Walmart's I have been to, this one usually irks me the most. It's always out of stuff. Always. I can never get everything on my shopping list here no matter what day of the week I go. How can you be out of chocolate ice cream on a Saturday? Other than that (which is usually rectified by going to the F&E down the way) this Walmart is not bad. It has a very pleasing garden section that is laid out very nicely. The clothing area is neat and free from aisle obstructions most of the time. And of course it does suffer from the usual Walmart problem of being insanely crowded on Saturday.

1 19 Ummm, I went in there to have a bunch of keys made.  $16 worth.  Yes, nice and friendly people there, but that doesn't make up for incompetence. Not a SINGLE key worked.

1 20 Everything you need for crafts, but be prepared for a 30 minute wait to check out...

1 21 I've been to this Shoeless Joe's location on quite a few occasions, and have been to a few parties in their bar as well. The thing about this Shoeless Joe's, is that I want to love it, I really do... but I just... don't.   Why do I want to love it? Well the staff are super-friendly, and the space is amazing! They have a sports-centre in the back of the bar area with reclining leather chairs and wall-to-wall screens. They have a few private dining areas which are really nice, and their booths all have private TVs. They have a great, convenient location, and have a really full menu that has something for everyone.   So why don't I love it? Well I'm extremely partial to sliders, and upon my first visit there I was so happy to see that they have tons of slider options. The first time I ordered them, it was St. Patrick's Day, and it was insanely busy. They got my order wrong the first time, but quickly changed it. However, when I did get my sliders, they were cold! So disappointing, but I d

1 22 We went here last weekend, both saturday (packed by the time we got there) so we cancelled our technical support visit but planned a return visit on sunday morning. We were in line, but were number 5 on sunday. (The number one party was there an hour prior to opening.) We were able to leave, since our reservation was held, so our son got to play in the nearby climber, down the way. Hubby went over when the store was open. After some play time, we joined my husband who was there with the helpful and nice clerk.   What did we need technical support for? We both had iPod issues. Mine was an older shuffle iPod and hubby's was a newly purchased iPod touch, wasn't holding a charge and kept dying, as the battery kept draining ever so quickly (still under warranty, until next June). The clerk tested them both. Mine can only play the existing play list (can't do anything new to it, because something in the software is messed up) and I can either use it until it dies or purchase a new one (I hav

0 23 Oh hey, it's a Target. I was in this neighborhood and somehow thought this Target location might be nicer than others. Meh, it was and it wasn't. It was basically the same as every other Target. Nothing remarkable to report. It's a Target. It's got everything any Target would have. It's perfectly fine. It's clean enough. 

1 24 We were in desperate need of finding a few items for a leaky toilet. It was about 2:15pm and this location wasn't at all busy when we arrived.   We looked around the front a bit and then headed for the plumbing section. Home Depot has a lot of interesting and cool things so we would of course get distracted and stop to look around.   Several employees walked by us and no one ever said hi. For some reason we had a hard time finding what we needed and so it took us forever to finally find the right items.  We were just standing there looking at what we needed when finally an employee approached us. He was a very nice gentleman and he was so patient with us. He explained to us what exactly it was we needed and he answered all our questions.   So thank you Sidney who was back in plumbing for taking the time to help us out and for approaching us. You made my experience a great one! This review and five stars are for YOU!   As for everyone else, I promise customers will not bite..

1 25 I really wasn't too impressed. I walked around the entire store trying to find help and I couldn't. I mean talk about ghost town. I finally found someone who was helping someone else & I hate to interrupt when that happens but I didn't have a choice.  After some of help, I found what I was looking for. The variety of choices here does not compare to other craft stores that I can go to. I wouldn't waste my time coming back.

1 26 Was at the post office and saw this new place. I went inside first off the place is very strange. Wall to wall with things of all sorts rocks gems coins etc. The staff greeted me nice but was very pushy got a offer but thought it was low and they felt needy. So I went elsewhere for another opinion. I stopped at another competitor and got a little less than double what I was offered here. I was really bothered and felt offended by the idea they could offer so much less. They pay really low. I would be cautious and shop around.

1 27 So glad I have yet to encounter these bad customer service experiences that most of the fellow Yelpers have! I'm thinking they might've gotten the hint that many people have been complaining because when I have walked in each and every time I've been greeted by the loss prevention guy (yellow shirt) and also when walking around! My particular visit was just for a new scale for my bathroom but of course I didn't leave with just that! The cashier was more than helpful with assisting me to look up one of my best buy reward zone certificates! This location happens to be the closest to me which is why I visit as often as I do! I particularly care for the one on Charleston/215 more but until this location does something I'm not happy with I'll continue doing business with them!

1 28 Asked two people if they carried creme fresh and both had no idea or even tried to help. Once I got to the check out line there was about 7 people in line, 5 of which had only a handful of items. It took way to long  to check out. Never going back, other better options around.

1 25 So big sale weekend so we go into Home Depot to buy a washing machine on sale only to find out they don't inventory it and none of the phoenix area stores have them so they can deliver it for sixty extra dollars and won't get one into the store for me to pick up and won't discount the delivery fee. Text book example of misleading marketing. Sorry Home Depot you gotta change you ways before I shop at your store again 

1 29 One of the worst stores on the planet. I bought a camera and brought it home and it sucked like most Walmart products so I went to return it and the troll woman behind the counter takes the camera out and looks at the serial number and then says it doesn't match the serial number on the box so I can't return it?! Like wtf I just bought it here?!? Am I trying to pull some $50 scam. So I ask for the manager and another tiny troll comes over and says the same thing "I'm sorry but I'm unable to accept this product.." it will be a glory day when everyone stops shopping at this "Made in China by 12 year olds" nasty trash chain.

0 27 Gorgeous, historic building with a somewhat boring mix of shops and other businesses... chiropractor, shop for coin collectors, tailor, leasing office - not a huge public draw unless you're in the market for coins or a new suit. Apparently, much of the space is owned by the adjacent Hyatt.  I came here in the middle of the day and VERY few of the shops were even open, which seemed pretty odd to me. Still, walking through this extraordinary space was a fun experience. 

0 31 I had a 1@Genius Bar to have my broken screen replaced I arrived about 15minutes early was greeted at the door very nice(it was very windy the heavy doors blew open the younglady was very attentive) the guy could careless. I dropped my phone off and came back within 2hrs. Service was excellent. Thanks Genius.. 

0 26 Michaels is too proper.  I'll just call it Mike's.  This location of Mike's is easily located in the Target shopping center off of Eastern.  Plenty of parking with the smell of goodness coming from Freed's Bakery.    Like all other locations, the store is set up in Mike's fashion.  I knew what I was looking for and knew exactly where to find it.  Also like all other locations, there was only 1 cashier.  There is always a line with that one person in front of you who has a cartful and doesn't take their wallet out until the cashier tells them the total.  Surprise you have to pay! Silly customers.   Mike's is my go to place for hobby items so I know I'll be back. 

0 28 I used to live in San Francisco the birthplace of modern satanism and Dead Poets had the largest selection of Aleister Crowley books I have ever seen.  Either his spawn live in town, died, and the estate gave the books to Dead Poets or there are some seriously creepy people who hang out there.  They also had the pantheon of L Ron Hubbard. This might be the place to play bloody mary in the mirror to test your resolve, but be warned don't feed them after midnight.

0 29 I love this store. But their book selection doesn't feel as good as other locations. I really enjoy going to their deal section and looking at the cookbooks on sale. You can get some great deals on really good cookbooks. I hope this place stays in business, because there is something so special about flipping through a book then just reading about it online and clicking buy. Looking forward to my next trip.

1 31 I am SO thrilled to not have to drive down to Town Square and walk half a mile from the parking lot to get to the Apple Store, now that Apple has come to Downtown Summerlin.    After my beloved iPhone 5 got stolen in Warsaw (that's Poland, not Wisconsin), I toughed it out with my old, hot pink Motorola Razr until my contract expired.  It was withdrawal at it finest.  No, worst.  You can't go home again.  And then I waited, and waited until someone, and that would be Best Buy, had a 64GB in stock - and a good deal.  Alas, the phone was totally *&^%$'d up, and after hours on the phone troubleshooting, a wise Senior Adviser advised what could have saved a bunch of time, and that is, get a new phone.  With visions of Town Square not dancing in my head, I set off to the new Apple store, and found a parking spot immediately despite the holiday season.  It took THREE hours to transfer all my stuff to the new phone, but the Genius assigned to me, Joe, stayed with me the whole time.    I may be

1 32 it appears that their corporate policy is that if you have a return and you paid cash, you must have a receipt. This was an 8 dollar item and I paid cash but I didn't have receipt and they insisted that I get a store credit and that is not totally unreasonable but the fact still is that they're basically saying I don't believe you. It must be still in my craw that you can carry a machine gun into this store. I'm really tired of being pushed around by corporations and their non thinking robotic staff. I'm done with you target. Completely done with you.

1 33 This place is absolutely horrible. I can't remember the name of the guy who "fixed" my phone but he was extremely rude and impatient. I told him that I had dropped it and that since then the phone had been opening up apps randomly and he cut me off before I was even done taking and says "okay whatever, I will fix it. I know what to do". And sent me on my way. I came back an hour later and he charged me $69 for an iPhone 6. I only came here because my friend had got her iPhone 7 fixed for $49. So to hear that my older phone was charged more i was already upset. When I get home I pull out my phone to make a call and immediately my phone was acting up again, opening up random apps. Going back today to talk to the same guy and see if he can fix it for real this time. This is absolutely ridiculous.  I also forgot to mention this now when my phone vibrates, it sounds more like a rattling. On top of that, the front camera has a blue hue to it that it didn't have before I took it in. I have no

1 42 I wanted to wait until after my follow-up appointment before giving Spadina Optometry a proper review.  After my second visit, I feel very comfortable giving this office a solid 5-stars.  I called them on a whim on a Friday, with a desire to update my eye prescription.  It had been at least 7 (!) years since my last visit, and I was growing tired of reaching for my glasses so I could see things at a distance.  They managed to fit me in for the following Monday (a mere two-day wait), and the morning appointment totally fit my schedule.  The examination was very thorough.  They scanned my old glasses to determine the prescription, took photos of my eyes, and did a variety of vision tests.  I had my eyes diluted (you can choose not to) and the staff made me feel very comfortable and cared for.  Princess Buttercup (the office dog) also made me feel very welcome and looked after.  After determining my new prescription and talking about contacts, they made an appointment for me to come in th

1 35 I rarely give one star reviews, but when I do it's well deserved.  I called them today at 3:15pm to inquire about replacing the screen on my iPad Mini.  They said it would be $95 and take 60 to 90 minutes.  That sounded reasonable to me.    When I arrived at the shop an hour later, the man behind the counter said he was overwhelmed with iPad repairs and that it would take three days instead of the 90 minutes he quoted on the phone.  The guy would not budge.  Needless to say I did not leave my iPad there and after lying to me they will never get my business.  I urge everyone to avoid this repair shop.  I'm glad I refused to let them touch my property after lying to me.  Who knows what else they might have done...  -----------  Update - They contacted me THREE months after a negative review.  Sorry, but I will not trust any business who lies to me.  Nice try...

1 36 I wish I could give this place zero stars.  I would if I could.  At 2pm, I asked the pharmacy tech on duty to transfer a prescription from CVS.  I intended to transfer all of my prescriptions here.  I was told my prescription for Tikosyn would be ready in an hour.  At 3pm, I was first told that CVS forgot to fax the prescription to them.  I said I would go to CVS, and get it.I was then quickly  told the pharmacist who just left forgot.  When I asked what her name was, the pharmacy tech refused to tell me, and the pharmacist on duty said she didn't know because she didn't look at the board. I was then told it would be another hour.  At 4pm, I returned, only to be told they do not have any Tikosyn in stock.  (Pfizer, the drug company, told me Walgreens ALWAYS has it in stock.  I called, and let them know it was not true at this location.)  I was then directed to the Walgreen at Warm Springs, and Arroyo Grande by the pharmacist at Windmill and Eastern, who told me she would fax the order 

1 37 OMG! It has to  be one of the worst experiences I've had in years. I approached the salesman and explained what I use my desktop for, what my plans were for upgrading from basic cable to Apple TV, internet use, etc. He doesn't ask any clarifying questions and starts walking me to the Mac computers.. After again explaining what I want he is trying to sell me a Mac. I asked him if  there was anyone else I could talk to that was more knowledgeable. He said: well if you don't like me. What?!! I never said that!!!   Then he tried he pass me off to some other guy. I asked to speak to management. The manager apologized but was not very convincing. He said he could help me but I said if this is how the staff are trained then I'm not interested in giving away $1000 of my money to this company. I said: this has turned me off of making a laptop purchase.

0 33 Major thanks to RACHEL, who saved the day. My wife ordered a space heater online, after our heater went out at home. This location was the only one that showed stock on the model we wanted. Drove all the way there, and they didn't actually have it in stock. I express my frustration, and Rachel went out of her way to call several nearby stores to see if they had my model or a similar one. No stores had it in stock. Rachel had a more expensive model in stock, and after exhausting all options, discounted it to get close to the price of the one I was after.  Rachel, I was not looking forward to the idea of going home to my pregnant wife without a heater. You save the day, and exemplify what customer service is all about. Countless thanks.  -Rob 

1 35 PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT!!!!!!Con Artist Alert! This company BEST BUY is full of Thieves, specifically this location. We bought a Samsung 75" 4K smart tv with warranty from them 1 1/2 years ago. It took a crap so we call for warranty and were told that we would be getting a refund or be able to shop for new tv and if we found one more expensive we could pay the difference. We thought we were getting a better tv and were more than willing to pay the difference for it. I guess when they saw we  paid $3000 for it the decision changed and they told me that the new replacement would be new version of same tv. We figured we wouldn't get a refund and thought we might as well just get the new one so I agreed for them to bring it an install it.  Then they say we had to buy another warranty for this tv for $450.  Then Geek squad comes and installs the tv, crooked, we noticed that it wasn't the same but actually a downgraded version. So they figured we wouldn't notice and thought is was ok.

0 36 Had a blast during my recent pre- and post-Christmas trips to HomeGoods and am surprised by this store's poor Yelp rating.  I love Marshalls. I love TJ Maxx. Actually, "obsessed" is a more accurate way to describe the way I feel about those stores.  What is HomeGoods, exactly?  It's what you get when you take the home dcor section of a typical Marshalls or TJ Maxx store.  No clothing or wardrobe accessories; just discounted home items ranging from pots and pans to china to packaged gourmet foods to furniture to candles to picture frames to artwork and more.  The fact that Marshalls, TJ Maxx, and HomeGoods are located close together in the same plaza within Robinson Town Centre, frankly, blows my mind!  Awesome.  Was impressed  

0 38 I have to shamefully admit that I like this indoor shopping facility. True, it is overcrowded on the weekends. Also true, it is poorly designed so that it's disorienting to navigate. True again, it is full of kids. And even though it's just a mall, it's a great example of one.  On the surface it doesn't seem so special, but when you investigate further, you'll notice that the stores here seem to carry more "stuff" than the same stores at other malls around the valley. They'll still carry stuff that would normally head to outlet stores for awhile, and they carry the obscure online-only items you won't find elsewhere.   Perhaps this isn't the case for every store, but if you're a mall shopper - you should check this place out to see what I'm talking about. Compare Nordstroms and Buckle and even A&F here to the one at your local mall. I know none of these stores are compelling enough reasons to go out of your way, but I don't like to have to go to these stores very often so when I do go I

0 39 Choose this Pharmacy because it's 24 hours I had gone to urgent care for 4 A.M. took their with my script in hand only to find out that the doctor had incorrectly written the dosage. The pharmacist on duty really impressed me because he had other customers the drive-thru going off he still managed to call the Urgent Care Center and get in touch with somebody to clarify my script and get me on my way and what I consider a very short amount of time. 

1 40 I guess the renovation wasn't completely done last time I wrote my review. The outside of the store has been renovated as well & looks much better. New store sign & flashing on the sign as well. Parking can still be an issue. So its a good idea to come first thing on a weekend morning.

0 49 very big store, i find it interesting that the girls on the shoe dept like to talk smack if you dont purchase what you try on... kinda messed up no? some of the workers are super nice and helpful. 

1 41 This is an older Michaels store, and this is very evident from the store's interior. They have a standard selection of faux plants, picture frames, beads, baskets, and other novelty items. The staff are not particularly informed or helpful.  Pro tip: Go to the Michael's website on your phone, type in the zip code, and get the coupons for the store. The store always prices items high, so they can then run 20% - 50% off adds. When I went in tonight I used a 20% off your total purchase coupon on my phone. Score!!

1 42 What a big mistake shopping at Ashley was. We found a sofa and put down $150 since the sales person said it was 4 weeks back order. In the mean time he said that the item wouldn't be ordered until it was paid in full. We came across something nicer that we liked better and now Ashley is refusing to refund us the $150 that they took and did nothing for us. The item was never ordered so I believe it's unfair and unethical to keep money and deliver nothing in return. I understand when returned furniture there is a restocking fee but we didn't even have the item ordered.  I will never shop here ever again. Considering they have 1000+ complaints online they don't care about their customers and their Image. Since we got no help from Ashley I will take this matter up with BBB. Poor excuse for a business.

1 43 Selection seems decent.  I don't know why I don't like this store.  It scares me inside.  It seems all dark and crowded with people coming at me from every direction.  In short, it fires off my big-box-store-shopping-and-crowds panic attacks big-time.  The first time, I thought it was just because I'd had a very stressful week.  The second time, I decided that I just don't get along with this place and won't try a third.

1 44 Helping bash this Verizon store, like they don't have bad reviews... I have got 4 defective replacement phones in a row from them. Figured I could get a new working one now. Nope, the only fix they have is to send more replacements till maybe I get lucky and get a working one? Or just buy a new one my self and forget the fact I have been paying $9.99 a line for years for nothing. Bad logic, bad service, con artist at its finest.

1 46 I found myself in possession of a gift card to Best Buy resulting from an errant purchase, so I was forced into shopping here. I came in knowing exactly what I wanted: a blue tooth keyboard to use with an iPhone. I thought this should be a simple purchase, but I underestimated the lack of competence of the Best Buy staff.  Things started well enough. I walked in, asked for Blue Tooth keyboards and was directed to a certain section of the store. In this section, computer keyboards greeted me, and although some were wireless, it wasn't what I had asked for. I proceeded to search around for several minutes on my own, but then decided to heed the voice of my husband in my head and ask for help.   Dramatic interpretation of events that followed.   "Hi, I am looking for a Blue Tooth keyboard to use with an iPhone."  Best Busy Associate: "I don't think they make those."  "Yes, they do. I have owned one in the past."  Best Buy Associate: "Why would you want a keyboard with your iPhone? The scr

1 48 I love coming here after a long day at work.    I am a member so the member area is great.  I wish they didnt have live music all the time its too loud for when we are trying to enjoy a cigars with friends.

1 49 Since there is very few sporting goods stores in town we ventured strip traffic and crowds to get some sporting equipment and raquets restrung. Huge mistake, Customer service sucks! Employees seem put off by customers and are in short supply. Won't be returning here.

1 50 This review is for my visit to the Starbucks in this store.  The manager was recently moved here from my normal store and I wanted to have a drink and say hello.  I agree with the other comments about the poor parking and being run down.    However, for my needs, the Starbucks outlet is in the front of the store.  After a brief visit with my friend, I left with my coffee and a smile.

1 42 wah! this store is such a trap, just like shoppers. i promised myself I wouldn't buy anything, and guess what happened?!!   There's way too much useful gadgets type things in here, and good sales.   Everything I see, I'm like, "I can use that" and have to think twice, or three times whether I would actually use it, or have an alternative already at home. And standing in line is the worst, because I was so distracted with all the little things around me that I didn't know what the cashier was telling me. It all happened in a daze  They have bathroom, stuff, storage things, picture frames, kitchen gadgets and dishes.

1 45 My experience here compared to Future Shop was only better by this difference. He listened, he answered my questions but there was something lacking. Confidence?! I don't know but what I do know. I am no longer interested in buying a laptop from anyone.   The insurance was half the cost of the device!! Are you kidding me? Instead of commissions like Future Shop they must make money off the extended warrantees and insurance?!! 

1 50 The only reason anyone shops at this Safeway is purely because it is the closest grocery store to them. Expect it to take awhile- they don't adequately stock the front end with cashiers. I hate this place, but I am also a lazy, lazy girl so I come here more than I'd like to admit. 

1 1 33 This place is absolutely horrible. I can't remember the name of the guy who "fixed" my phone but he was extremely rude and impatient. I told him that I had dropped it and that since then the phone had been opening up apps randomly and he cut me off before I was even done taking and says "okay whatever, I will fix it. I know what to do". And sent me on my way. I came back an hour later and he charged me $69 for an iPhone 6. I only came here because my friend had got her iPhone 7 fixed for $49. So to hear that my older phone was charged more i was already upset. When I get home I pull out my phone to make a call and immediately my phone was acting up again, opening up random apps. Going back today to talk to the same guy and see if he can fix it for real this time. This is absolutely ridiculous.  I also forgot to mention this now when my phone vibrates, it sounds more like a rattling. On top of that, the front camera has a blue hue to it that it didn't have before I took it in. I have no


 ###### Service  positive ######
1 1 this spot has an ample supply of different products for the painter, sculptor, draughtsman and artisan in you.  they seem to have a bit of everything with a decent supply of many different products.  if you want to be sure that you get all that you need in one spot, perhaps your needs might require more specific tools or products, then there inventory is not as extensive as other art stores in the city.  i noticed, though,  that they had quite a few products for kids whether itd be plastacene type products, crayons or something simply for fun like build a monster kit.    and if you need stuff for a party like streamers and the like or perhaps you are going to a party and you need a card, well theyve got that too. 

1 2 Welcome to Steele Creek guys. I love going here and every time I leave here I feel good about myself. They even help you with your grocery's to your car every time. They give you coupons to free stuff. Make sure to get there before the evening to try the many samples.

1 6 It's Walmart for goodness sake. I mean what can I really say that hasn't been said already. For the most part, they are all the same. Fun to come & shop around late at night or in the wee hours of the morning & laugh at the Walmartians. I mean come on, they are even worthy of having their own websites. When I lived in Hawaii, that was the thing to do late at night, go hang out at the Walmart in Mililani cuz that was the place that was open the latest :P  I definitely appreciate the deals that Walmart has & that is why they are my #2 go to place for groceries, toiletries, & housewares. However, I do hate how crowded & nuts it can be most of the time & the dreaded long lines. Boo! I will say this though, they do have a fairly good return policy. For that, they get a 1/2 star. 

0 3 Unfortunately I'm not a BIG reader so I typically avoid this place like the plague but I value the importance of learning so I bring my baby girl here to buy & read books. The staff here is always courteous & the store is always exceptionally clean. Love the fact there is a star bucks here because I'm already antsy about having to read, a good jolt of caffeine really puts me into the "Zone" JK...... We took advantage of their reading program for kids this year & I can really see the sense of accomplishment in my daughter. Nothing like a little hard work to earn something. Go Baby girl!!! Thanks for offering this program Barnes & Noble!

1 4 It's just like every other WalMart. Reasonably clean (most of the time, if you don't go in the bathrooms), fairly busy (especially in the grocery section). Friendly staff is a hit or miss. I was just there today and bought some fabric and the lady at the fabric counter wasn't overly friendly- in fact, she seemed a bit put off that I asked her to cut some fabric for me. But then I got up to the register and the cashier was very friendly and helpful. I was wearing my sleeping baby in a carrier on my front which gives me limited mobility when it comes to bending over- like when grabbing bags off the bagging carousel. The cashier kindly offered to put my bags in for me. It used to be part of the job (loading the bags, that is), but it doesn't seem like it happens very often anymore, so it was nice for the help.

1 6 This place is a collector's candy store.Wifey likes to collect vintage hats and I like to search for all types of food collectibles, and cool vintage toys. This place has it all.  The place is clean, and the workers are very helpful. You can even still bargain with them to get a sweet deal on an item you may have your eye on.  Clothes, bikes, jewelry, toys, etc. Some guy even bought a huge Michael Jordan Statue! Its always cool to check out these kinds of places. It'll not only take you down memory lane, but you may find something that has sentimental value and you'll be happy you stopped in!...ALOHA!!!  YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(335/365) " Retro Vintage Junk!?!?"

1 7 Made an appt. for the Genius Bar online, showed up and waited 5 minutes. That's it! Sean came right out, listened to my problem, diagnosed it and fixed it! Out in under 30 minutes!!! Much better than my experience at the Scottsdale quarter location. Thank you sean!!!

1 8 This is a beautiful store! It is small, but it is like a little jewel box. The service is friendly and the selections are really nice - lots of great DVF and marc.   The beauty area is lovely and the perfume counter is amazing. It is small, but, for once, the people working the counter actually know a lot about fragrances! For a perfume junkie like me, this is so much better than the usual perfume counter experience!  The alterations department is also great. I am a short girl, so it is always important to know about this kinda stuff. They actually altered my wedding dress, which was a designer dress from another Saks location, and did a great job creating a train and taking it in - all in one fitting (I was a bit late...).   And, the shoe and handbag departments are like candyland. total fantasy!!! it was all i could do to keep from grabbing something and running like hell... :o)

0 9 What a cool little bookstore.  I really like how the place is set up.  It just looks "right" in ways that I can't describe.  It looks almost mysterious, which for a bookstore, I like that feeling.  Great selection of books.  I like places like this because browsing pays off.  You never know what you are going to find on any given visit or day.  It really is a journey into the unknown.  If you like old books, or not knowing what to expect with the experience of discovering something new, this is a great place to visit.  But yes, the potential damage it could do to your bank account in terms of buying stuff could be a little frightening.

1 9 This is my favourite store, was very easy to find a nice case for my phone. There wasn't anyone to help me, but the cashier lady was very nice and gave me directions to Starbucks.

1 10 This is a tiny inner-city store.  The selection is limited, but that's ok, because I do most of my shopping at the Public Market and Trader Joe's.  In my experience, they are responsive about opening another checkstand when the lines get too long.  The cashiers and baggers are friendly and courteous to me.  The customers are an interesting mix.

1 11 Today I took my son for the Shoe Tying Class in the kids shoe department. What a nice free event! Kids sometimes learn better from other people and in less than 30 minutes my son was tying his shoes. Jasmine worked with my son individually and had such care and patience. No one ever pushed buying any shoes, but I did decide to buy some converse with laces so he can keep practicing at home. The laces are kind of short so Jasmine offered to swap out for some longer laces from a larger size shoe so he can practice better. Such great service! We love Nordstrom and Jasmine was such a sweet heart.  

0 12 The 3 stars are for Walmart stores, this location however gets 2 stars. It's not so much the location of the store but some of the customers it brings in....some very interesting characters which wouldn't surprise me to be found on peopleofwalmart.com. 

1 13 Apple, Inc. strikes again. Unrivaled in the service this company provides from in-store to unboxing your new gadget and then coming back in for assistance. Each time I've been in for help with iPhone issues or need of a new MacBook battery, each person at the Genius Bar has been cordial and happy to hear my side of the story. They take their time with each patron and genuinely help each situation.   All of the goodies here. iPods, iPhones, MacBooks, backpacks and all of the accompanying gadgets. Apple products and apple-friendly products as far as the eye can see. You know the drill.   My recommendation, if you're already an iPhone user, is to download the Apple Store application and make a reservation from the app. You can check in once you're in the store and they'll find you faster! Your name comes up in their queue and they serve you faster!  Love this location and always my first choice instead of a 3rd party! Thanks, Apple for this great location. Cheers!

1 14 Target is my go to for toiletries, cleaning supplies, and candy runs before the movie. This particular Target is a nice stop on my lunch break. The ladies room is always clean and the scent in there reminds me of Fruity Pebbles, odd I know. Every now and again, I see decent deals on athletic wear and cosmetics.  You get 5 cents off for each reusable bag you use.    Shelves are generally well stocked. The store as a whole is pretty clean although some areas appear cluttered.  There's a Starbucks and Pizza Hut at this location.   I've had positive experience with customer service.  One time, I was here to purchase items from a registry, but their kiosk was down.  One of the associates took her time to show me how to pull up the registry on my phone.  Granted, the WiFi was poor that day, but the gesture was greatly appreciated.   There is plenty of parking here and the lines move quickly.

1 2 Not much has changed in terms of information about Costco's location and its overall business. I am pleased to share that I have gone in person to deal with the mishap and it came to my attention that although there were many miscommunications, a full refund was made to my account back in August when the mistake was made.  It turns out they had no recollection or proof of any double charge because it was made erroneously and then quickly refunded.  I can't say it wasn't annoying to have to run around and call and go to my bank etc. But i am so happy to see that they did what was correct. I added a star because I couldn't make it a 3.5... I will continue to go back time and again. Amazing pricing and convenient location.  Thanks Costco!

1 15 Fast and friendly! I went in on a Friday, maybe 30min before closing and the customer service I received was still top notch. I didn't feel rushed and they allowed me to try as many glasses as I wished. After picking the glasses and going through all the options, I was advised the turnaround is usually up to two weeks (which is expected).  Wednesday the next week I got a call saying my glasses were in and ready to be picked up! The fact they were so kind and quick with making my glasses (correctly) really makes me happy I decided to drive across town to try them out.

1 17 I have to say I have been coming here for Years Simply Because of the Service at "GEEK SQUAD". Today was no different but took it to the Next level. Brian in the Geek Squad Department took service to another level by taking extra care of a warranty issue and even helped me carry it to my car.  I just wanted to say thank you for sincerely caring about my issue & doing everything to make a positive out of a difficult situation.  I highly recommend buying from best buy simply for the Geek Squad Service.  A+++++++

1 18 When I lived in Vegas (up until 2011), this place didn't exist.  We spotted it during our most recent Vegas trip and decided to drop in to check it out.  We were pleasantly surprised to find an awesome store full of antique booths.  I wandered around browsing the booths for about 1 hour while The Better Half shopped the jewelry cabinets up front.  After 1 hour, she was still in the same area!  That says a lot about the variety of items they have.  She walked away buying several Silver pieces of Southwestern and Native American jewelry.  She then spent another 2 hrs browsing the other booths while I went next door to the casino to watch basketball.    We've added this to our rotation of Antique Stores to visit on a regular.  Return Factor - 95%

1 19 Love this store! This is a massive store with a good layout and a nice women's and shel department. I usually come here to buy my shoes, since they have such a good selection. If I order anything online and have to return it, it's always a seamless process bringing it here for my refund.   I always receive great customer service, although at times it takes a while to get someone to help me in the shoe department. It's usually cause they are busy there, but aside from that I enjoy my shopping experience here! Plus if you have the Nordstrom card you can accumulate Nordstrom notes for future purchases, which is fantastic.

0 20 I enjoy coming here to pick up basics and active wear. They also have a dog section which I always walk through to see if there's anything cute for my Yorkie. I recently picked her up a life jacket for boating. This is the only marshalls location I go to in the city. 

1 21 Johnny Dee is a great psychic. Anytime I can get a reading from him makes my day. He is very in touch with the other side. He is the best card reader in town!

1 22 Always find what I'm looking for. Except for leggings, haha.   This location is great & very convenient.   Employees are cheerful & always doing something. Kept busy.   Returned a couple things & I know what a hassle that can be, but they're more than happy to help.    Great customer service every time!

1 23 Received flowers from my boyfriend and the florist he used was Arizona Florist. I am pretty picky when it comes to flowers, but I was really impressed at the bouquet they put together. I told him to use them in the future. They did an amazing job!!!!

1 24 We just moved into a new home with a Pentair Easytouch 8 system. We had no idea what to do with it so we called Barefoot Pools and Chad came to our house within two days. Not only was he friendly, helpful, and clear, he seriously is one of the most knowledgable people I've ever met. I am so glad we called and I'll definitely be calling them again. Thanks Chad!

1 25 The service is awesome! The wait bites. Only an hour this time but got the disabled iPhone working in no time.

1 26 Love to come here for dim sum! They also have awesome char siu and duck available at a cheap price for take out. Service is okay, don't expect anything too fabulous. This is a great please to come eat with family or friends to share plates. I come here at least once a month and I never leave without a full belly! Recommend :) 

1 28 Pretty cool store.  You can find them at The Linq in Las Vegas.  Thought it was interesting to see the name of the store.  I figured that they must sell Polaroid cameras, but I did not spot any for sale.  Maybe there were some in their museum.  The Polaroid museum is located on the second floor, and it costs $5 to check it out (which I did not do).  I did not check out the store too much either.  Did notice that they had plenty of computer stations set up around the store.  I believe you can have your pictures printed here for those special memories.  They have a couple of large picture frames set up where people can have their pictures taken.  Of course, we made sure to have our photos taken there as well.  Cool place to check out.  It was a good break from the hot temperatures outside. 

1 29 I love Bookman's, I do. I want to give them five stars. But I'll have to offer 4.5 for one little omission: no self-serve info kiosk. While I like to browse, I am often operating with partial information such as a title, but no author name... and I really wish I could just find a computer to search on. This is actually probably more of a knock on myself since I'm sure they got compukers behind the counter and can look up info for me. Nonetheless, I kinda like the convenience of being able to trot up to a keyboard and type in stuff... as inspiration for my browsing.  I am hooked on the whole book exchange thing though. Once I figured out that you could get decent store credit by bringing in old books, I set about ridding my bookshelves (boxes, more like it) of those books I've already read but still have laying around. I'm also newly motivated to finish reading books I bought and never started... all in hopes of exchanging them for fresh reading material.  Great well-lighted place for b

1 30 This review is for the store as a whole, but it is largely due to the work of Ken and the pharmacy employees.  Ever since my wife was diagnosed with a blood disorder and later non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, we have had to make several trips to the pharmacy a week.  This occurred over about a 16 month period.  Ken was beyond fantastic during all of these trips, as was the additional staff at the pharmacy.  They were sympathetic, friendly, and worked very quickly.  If you live even remotely close to this Target, I highly recommend that you make it your pharmacy.  We have both a CVS and Walgreens much closer to our home, in addition to a Wal Mart and Albertsons.  Very glad we went with Target.  I don't know that better service is possible.    The rest of the store is clean, as are the restrooms.  Since the grocery area was expanded, we've found the produce we've purchased to be crisp and fresh.  Plus, it's Target.  It's just WAY better than Wal Mart.  Way better.    Also, this Target has a Starb

1 32 i love this store, and the employees... besides nordstroms.. this is likely my "go to" for fun pieces,  seriously, the employees are so sweet... i feel like we're friends...

1 33 This little storefront is located directly across from the Stratosphere. They have a nice selection of edibles and other goodies for you to enjoy while you are in Sin City. They offer good service and they are knowledgeable about the products they sell. Without incriminating myself I will leave the rest for you to decide :-).

0 34 How do you give seven stars on here? Haven't been here since they moved from Madison to Detroit. Finally went a couple weeks back. The new space is tits! I love it! Same great selection, same great vibe, same great owner. While I spent the bulk of my 20's in the old space(thereby endearing it to me), I can see the new store continuing the proud tradition of face melting Cleveland rock well into my 40's.   I went at around 7 or 8 pm on a Sunday. Tell me what other retail outlet keeps some bitchin hours. For 20 bones I brought home a pile of vinyl that I could hardly wait, suffering through BK and the Walking Dead, to play in the basement. It was old school Lakewood living for me. Like back in 07 or 08, before I found Yelp, started hanging out with new friends and became an online menace. It was just the records and me. A place that can reignite a lost passion is truly a godsend. 

1 35 Our experience was good... Customer service was great in helping me locate books I wanted. Line at Starbucks was long but help arrived and we were served. Upon checkout I was helped by two cashiers which rarely happens! Overall good service!

1 36 Just an overall great experience. The staff is very knowledgeable about all the firearms available which surprised me since they were also some of the more attractive women I've seen in Vegas. My instructor was an ex-marine and provide excellent instruction for each of the 4 firearms I shot. Can't wait to do this again.

1 37 Super friendly staff. They have classes to learn about multiple different things. Kim is super sweet and knowledgeable. The classes are great for people trying to learn mystical things. Bought a beautiful necklace from here as well.

1 38 Everyone values different things when out shopping. Some only care about getting the latest styles, for others, price is king. For me, it's all about customer service. I work hard to earn my money, and I spend it at places that treat me with respect, not like I am annoying them.   Nordstrom's is exactly that place. The customer service here is world class, and they know how to take care of their customers. They have an amazing selection, and some decent deals, but their biggest product is service. It's so nice to come to their stores and be treated well by employees who care. Well done Nordy's!

0 41 I tried this place out after constantly being disappointed at the birthday suit. I will definitely be going back to sweet virgina wax! I've never had soft wax used on me before and it's definitely less painful and more efficient!

1 43 It's always the same crew that works. They're quite a friendly bunch, but this boutique tailors to street wear for men specifically. I come here once in a while to find gifts for my street wear loving friends. I love some of the items they feature like their shoes, and their apparel, but it's too bad they don't offer them for women.   Their tees usually sell for about $28, and they have a wide collection of shoes like Vans, Nikes, Jordans, Air Max, New Balance, Creative Rec, and such...  Bummer when I came in though because their credit card machine didn't work and could only take cash so I had to make a run for it to pull out money from an ATM. Thankfully they were nice enough to stay open a little later for you.   The place has a nice interior and clean appeal to it. So if gentlemen, if you're looking for some special pieces made by Undefeated. I'd suggest you stop by.

1 44 This is our favorite Target location in Las Vegas.  It is located off the beaten path, parking lot is more manageable than the one in Boca Park (we can typically find nearby parking thus not have to walk a considerable distance), and they typically have the items we are looking for.  The store is well lit, clean and organized. Service is efficient and friendly.  This location is in a shopping center of which we go to often for other stores as well, so it is convenient.

1 45 I always stop into Express to check on their latest and greatest. Occasionally I'll find something. Their customers service is always welcoming. But I'll keep coming back! They have super cute stuff!

1 46 The woman at the cosmetics counter (I believe her name was Edith) was the most helpful person I've ever encountered at any Walgreens in both Vegas and Chicago. She helped me find the perfect lipstick shade and on top of that she busted out all these coupons that saved me 10 dollars! It payed for 1/4 of my purchase! I was so happy! That is now my favorite Walgreens to get cosmetics! 

1 38 I usually go to town square or caesars locations but was in the neighborhood and needed a different shade lipstick.... Viva glam is for a good cause... The customer service was excellent, she helped me and gave me input on the best shades for me. They had what I wanted in stock.  They had the new displays and if you want they will even do your makeup like at the other shops.  The loss of a star is because the lack of pigment selection, this location is more convenient but I guess if I want my eye pigments still will have to hike to Caesars as they have more extensive selection with all the professional products. 

1 47 Today was my first time at Bookman's. Totally didn't find what I was looking for but I did find a ton of great stuff(Orange glass cat, super cool vase, calming coloring kit, a Pixar art book, and a neato ring!) The staff was super helpful and also seemed to have a high tolerance for obnoxious people(not that we were.) Overall great experience. 

1 48 Very clean well organized. Staff were very friendly to Alley.  There was a wide selection of products and staff were able to quickly locate wanted items.

1 50 I love Target! I went to this Target in Glendale because I was visiting my parents and I had a mobile Target coupon, buy one get on free accessories, jewelry, or watch and I must say I got a SUPER great deal. I got some earrings on clearance for $2.38 and got a $49.99 watch for FREE! My total after tax was $2.60! I thought I would've had a problem because it took the most expensive item off, but the cashier who cashed me out was super nice and said that it was valid and corporate knew an started a little conversation with me. KUDOS Target for the great customer service!   I have it a 4 out of 5 because they didn't have a variety of watches to choose from, but the customer service was great!

1 45 Pretty good selection, many sized carried as well. The service was ok even there there was only one person I saw, and I really couldn't decipher if it was an SA or a customer. Definitely will return because if you're looking for a manolie, you should be able to find it here. 

0 15 Wow, this place was a little hard to find but I feel like I've uncovered a treasure trove! While I'm unfortunately too far to rent anything here, the selection is positively vast! They have an odd tagging system you need to oblige to in order to buy anything but I suppose that's just there to keep things organized. As a Criterion collector, I was amazed to see a wide wall of items available for sale! This place might definitely be the surrogate I've been looking for every since my dear HMV closed down! 

1 46 I've gotta say, Nordy's (as my aunt refers to Nordstom since it's her favorite department store ever) is always a safe bet if you're looking for quality selection, customer service, and a very pleasant shopping experience.  Whether you're looking for shoes, lingerie, cosmetics, apparel, etc... you'll likely find it at Nordy's.  I'll have to take Samantha O's and Julia T's advice and remember to go to Nordstom's next time I need a new bra.  In the meantime, I've gotten lucky with shoes, all kinds of clothes, accessories, and perfume.  This weekend is a big sale.  I ran in earlier to return something and walked out with a new pair of shoes.  Oops.  Take that as a warning, Nordstrom can be dangerous for shop-a-holics.  The only times I have not gotten lucky at Nordstrom are when I've been on a mission for something specific - such as Converse Sneakers in Jared's size 7 or a certain shirt or bathing suit in my size.  But I'll overlook these times and return again and again... Keep up the g 

0 26 Welcome to Las Vegas, Buy Buy Baby! Now that this store is here I won't even bother going to Babies R Us. Buy Buy Baby is the same company as Bed Bath and Beyond, which is awesome because they have those 20% coupons! You can also use Bed Bath and Beyond coupons there but, unlike BBB, none of your expired coupons will be accepted. The shelves and aisles are very organized. Their clothing selection isn't as large as other locations and this location seems smaller than many. Still so glad they're here, but I hope we get one in Henderson soon! 

0 34 This is a great Marshall's -- with everything from super ladies shoes to soaps to housewares and great clothes, this store has an awesome selection of everything!  When the holidays roll around, this is a great place to search for great gifts for everyone on your list. 

0 35 Cute store, conveniently located in the Kierland shopping center. I like that it has 2 floors and a wide variety of books and other items. The clearance items are affordable, and it is one of the stores that is open to all in this area. 

0 41 I like it a lot and great shopping there and it was fun to work at Macy's in CA. Thanks xoxoxooo 

1 46 The best part of this mall is Nordstrom, yes you read that right, coming from a guy. They have the nicest white dress shirts for their value. The mall is excellent in what the offer, only second to Scottsdale Fashion Square in size and the amount of stores 

