The price was reasonable, a little higher than off strip, but was willing to pay for the convenience.	Price	0
The service was awesome.	Service	1
Excellent service from a friendly, competent stuff, and a great price.\nThank you Mike Cranna!	Service	1
Excellent service used them several times to get back and forth to the airport.	Service	1
Great cars, excellent service, friendly team.	Service	1
Reasonable prices too.	Price	0
Clean comfortable room at a great price for King Suite!!	Price	0
Easily some of the best service I've ever had and it's consistently great.	Service	1
The price was so reasonable.	Price	0
Really nice clean pool and fantastic customer service.	Service	1
Thanks for the great service.	Service	1
They also sell souvenirs and a variety of snack foods.	Food	2
The customer service is amazing, and all my expectations were exceeded!	Service	1
Jose Viveros was absolutely amazing in customer service and guest relations and if I could give him more than 5 starts I would do that.	Service	1
Staff was friendly, polite and service minded!	Service	1
Price is right.	Price	0
I would completely recommend their services to anyone in need of transportation.	Service	1
The restaurant \"Twist\" had great food, drinks and service.	Service	1
Ben was incredible with customer service and knowledge.	Service	1
Great weekend stay and customer service was perfect throughout the entire hotel!	Service	1
The price is affordable for those traveling alone or with others.	Price	0
Excellent customer service.	Service	1
5 star service at its best!	Service	1
Staff friendly, valet service great, and the pools were amazing especially lazy river!	Service	1
The staff was top notch, the service impeccable, and the room comfortable & appealing.	Service	1
That's what I call great customer service.	Service	1
Extremely good customer service!	Service	1
I think Enterprise in general does such a good job because they are family owned and truly care about their employees and the focus on quality customer service.	Service	1
The first time was over a year ago, and the service was impeccable.	Service	1
They offer so many great packages at super great prices on their website.	Price	0
I was very satisfied with the rental process, the vehicle's performance, and the excellent customer service I recieved.	Service	1
The service was also excellent, in particular, Vlada (the nice person who helped us) also made recommendations about sights to see on the way to Niagara.	Service	1
The food & coffee were plentiful and the presentation was excellent.	Food	2
Great service, will definitely use again.	Service	1
We visited camps and lodges in Botswana, Zimbabwe and South Africa - all wonderful properties with skilled safari guides and trackers, superb food and friendly, service-oriented staff.	Food	2
PRICE	Price	0
SERVICE	Service	1
Service is second to none.	Service	1
The price was Ok.	Price	0
You have VIP service directly to your car.	Service	1
I'm recommend enterprise but remember ask for GREG LEVY best costumer service EVER	Service	1
The breakfast was wonderful everyday and the shuttle service is always on time.	Service	1
It is always wonderful to get great customer service and this place sets the bar.	Service	1
Great savings and service!!!	Service	1
Lucky he didn't as we had a great service from Usaved.	Service	1
I rent from this location once per month and I am always impressed at the amazing and quick service.	Service	1
Great price, great room, and amazing service.	Service	1
Great price, great room, and amazing service.	Price	0
I would highly recommend a room through them, the quality and experience were amazing and the price was right.	Price	0
The price is very fair.	Price	0
Gorgeous hotel for a reasonable price.	Price	0
You can't beat it for the price if you have a big group of people.	Price	0
The quality of service Chris provided was absolutely terrific.	Service	1
Great service, great pricing and great product.	Service	1
Bliss Travel and Dominique are hands down the best service i have received from a travel agent\/agency.	Service	1
The staff was wonderful and the food was great (see below).	Food	2
Lots of food nearby, always a bunch of people meeting from Kijiji and stuff in front and a fairly safe and comfortable station.	Food	2
I stayed here a a while ago and was really impressed with the level of service and cleanliness exhibited by Highland Inn.	Service	1
They seem to really understand customer service.	Service	1
SENSIBLE CHAUFFEUR is a wonderful airport shuttle service!!	Service	1
I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this great chauffeur service!	Service	1
Great service, on time pickup and a message when we landed at Hopkins so we could easily find him curbside.	Service	1
Efficient staff and excellent customer service.	Service	1
Nice coffee service in patio as you enjoy fresh morning air.	Service	1
This location has GREAT service.	Service	1
I've booked several trips here and will continue to for its impeccable service!	Service	1
Nice clean rooms with powerful AC, strong WiFi (which is a must), lots of good TV channels and the best part was customer service.	Service	1
Good food and awesome entertainment.	Food	2
Comfy beds, great work out facility, good food and hospitality.	Food	2
The price was amazing as was the view, service at the MGM Signature as well as the staff at Las Vegas Suites.	Price	0
For the price its amazing.	Price	0
We called around and they had the best prices.	Price	0
Comparing against the other limo\/bus service companies in the area, the price was a lot cheaper and I would highly recommend Wayne Ace.	Price	0
The best Chinese food in USA .	Food	2
I expect just another hotel with basic rooms but what we got for such a low price was amazing.	Price	0
Also, the food is really good.	Food	2
Food is excellent, private dining, all accommodating to the fullest.	Food	2
The staff was great, room much better than normal for the price and the bar was fun and food decent.	Price	0
breakfast food is awesome..	Food	2
Great attitudes, very patient, busses that are beautiful and reasonable prices.	Price	0
The price was reasonable as well.	Price	0
I went with my mom and sister for lunch at The Paiza and all the food that we ordered were presented well and it tasted great.	Food	2
If you decide to go for Chinese food and you're at the Venetian\/Palazzo, you should definitely try to eat there.	Food	2
They also had an impressive selection of food.	Food	2
Fantastic employees, great prices, reasonable hold on my CC.	Price	0
Food is awesome .	Food	2
Not only do they have a ton of seating but they had a huge selection of hot foods, juices, cereal and more.	Food	2
The extra details may not always be offered and the prices were the best I could find in the immediate area.	Price	0
Had a great time at a reasonable price! Was close to the main MGM which is connected to the pool, food court, casino and out onto the strip.	Price	0
There was also a nice spread of food, which was great to have as an appetizer, snack, or dinner.	Food	2
The food bar was the exactly what was needed with a hungry tired child in tow and the drink ticket made for a very happy mama! 	Food	2
Great prices and great place for a dog owner.	Price	0
They serve breakfast and a afternoon happy hour for free the food is not the best quality.	Food	2
Easy reservation, price was reasonable.	Price	0
Awesome service got me and my car home, the drive was fun but professional, also it was a great price!!	Price	0
Great Food, Great Service, Comfortable Beds and most if all an awesome fitness center!	Food	2
The reviews were good, the price was excellent, so ...	Price	0
It's not trying to be anything it's not - clean, well managed, comfortable friendly place at a very good price.	Price	0
The price was good, staff friendly & helpful.	Price	0
I would recommend this company to anybody looking for a reasonably priced \/ dependable transportation.	Price	0
Food service with complementary bfast was amazing.	Food	2
Large two room suites for a good price! Free breakfast as always.	Price	0
Amazing hotel, friendly staff, great breakfast with lots of options (and ACTUALLY good food!).	Food	2
Especially since it was perfectly priced and was beating others nationwide.	Price	0
The food was some of the best Cantonese Chinese I had ever had.	Food	2
The best Asian food ever.	Food	2
Food is good and rooms are very modern and nice with new flat screen TVs.	Food	2
Reasonably priced also.	Price	0
I also like the price and appreciate the service.	Price	0
Would highly recommend to anyone looking to stay in the Vegas area at a reasonable price.	Price	0
All the amenities of the big names (indoor pool and whirlpool, bar, free hot breakfast) for a much better price!!	Price	0
Very good motel for the price.	Price	0
Very clean, friendly front desk staff, good price, great location just off freeway...	Price	0
Every summer I visit the beautiful city of Montreal for its food, festivals, art, and music.	Food	2
This is a Green B&B-style hostel with plenty of natural light, fresh air, local food, and an international, knowledgeable staff.	Food	2
Good food, courteous staff, and quick service!!!	Food	2
Wide variety of breakfast food here as well.	Food	2
Great suite, reasonable price & excellent customer service.	Price	0
This is a great tour at a great price.	Price	0
overall very recommended for the price you pay.	Price	0
Excellent services, New cars in perfect condition for great prices, and Great customer service.	Price	0
The food is OK, but since it's part of your stay, it's decent.	Food	2
The price was very reasonable.	Price	0
And the you can't beat the price.	Price	0
The price is very reasonable as well.	Price	0
It's slightly far from downtown Calgary (20 minutes without traffic), but there aren't many good food options nearby so expect to drive to lunch\/dinner.	Food	2
The rooms are clean and modern and very reasonably priced.	Price	0
THE BEST experience - great price for plenty of drive time.	Price	0
Great location, reasonable prices, and very clean! 	Price	0
I would recommend them to anyone great price but better yet great work and great people .	Price	0
The food in the restaurant is very delicious and gives you a taste of the French sidewalk dining experience when you dine on the patio.	Food	2
I know it was off season so our price was really great.	Price	0
Although, even at regular prices, it is well worth whatever they charge.	Price	0
The hotel location is perfect for those goals and at good price with spacious room, comfortable mattress and fast-asleep down blanket and pillowssss.	Price	0
The price on the car was excellent (I did hours of research and comparisons beforehand) so there was no negotiating to be had.	Price	0
Private gaming rooms, 24 hour chefs at your becking call, a luxurious lounge, and a huge dining room to enjoy some great food.	Food	2
The price are very cheap with lots of options.	Price	0
Overall very good service, reasonable price, and good tour guide.	Price	0
Quiet, clean room at a reasonable price and low security deposit.	Price	0
They worked day and night to make sure I had the best experience for the most competitive price.	Price	0
Love the food, love the casino.	Food	2
Discotech is amazing great prices easy to use can do pretty much anything on here from purchasing  tickets bottle service , adding yourself to guestlist and a schedule of events at softener venues	Price	0
Also the breakfast food was really good, way above average.	Food	2
Beyond amazing food, service and experience.	Food	2
Reasonably priced and great service.	Price	0
They have a great selection and the food was delicious.	Food	2
Definitely most the reasonably priced bottle and table service I have ever had.	Price	0
The food selection was very subpar, not worth the $21 per person.	Food	2
Newer hotel, price is great with 2 beds and a sofa bed , free breakfast.	Price	0
They were very reasonably priced and I booked several hours to get some rest.	Price	0
The price for such a great property was amazingly low, especially since our stay was during the \"snowbird\" season.	Price	0
Food at the Louis Louis restaurant was good too.	Food	2
This place is very nice for the price.	Price	0
Food was excellent and the staff was so friendly and accommodating! Definitely recommend staying here anytime you are in Phoenix!	Food	2
Drinks and food are reasonably priced.	Food	2
Drinks and food are reasonably priced.	Price	0
About 20 minutes south from Charlotte at a favorable price.	Price	0
The kitchen has very reasonable priced daily specials too.	Price	0
Great hotel for the price!	Price	0
The food was really good, better than we expected.	Food	2
All very reasonably priced too!	Price	0
The prices are good too.	Price	0
The prices are always affordable!	Price	0
Their prices are very reasonable and the company is reliable.	Price	0
My out-of-town guests were so happy that transportation was available and I'm glad that the price was in our budget.	Price	0
For the price you pay this hotel is great.	Price	0
The price is right and the locations are plenty, giving you the opportunity to travel around the neighborhoods you know and love.	Price	0
A great price for a clean room and comfy bed.	Price	0
Call Kevin and book! He's amazing! The bus was seriously incredible! Super super nice inside and fairly priced.	Price	0
Amazing food amazing people, amazing ride! Get away from the strip, must must do this!!	Food	2
We were here several times during our stay and I was very impressed with the food.	Food	2
Despite that, the staff was extremely friendly and helpful and their services seem to be the most reasonably priced in Phoenix.	Price	0
Riding the horses is so much fun, scenery is beautiful, food is delicious and the staff is great!! We'll be back!!	Food	2
Clean hotel with a nice classical ambience, reasonably priced rooms, good breakfast, and kind staff.	Price	0
Great food and service! Here for work and was pleasantly surprised at restaurant food choices.	Food	2
For the price I would definitely stay here again.	Price	0
The price was right, and the van was perfect, a Dodge Ram 1500 van with tons of space that was actually kind of fun to drive.	Price	0
Great breakfast the next morning too, and reasonably priced even for Vegas!!	Price	0
Luckily in the Delta terminal there is plenty to choose in terms of food and drink from coffee shops, a wine bar and a subway!	Food	2
The rooms were clean, comfortable and definitely worth the very reasonable price per night.	Price	0
Really great selection of food.	Food	2
Great location, price and customer service.	Price	0
Nice little sports bar with great food.	Food	2
All this excellent service and a fair price too.	Price	0
The price was the lowest we can find.	Price	0
Good food, great horses, stunning scenery.	Food	2
Excellent hotel with reasonable price.	Price	0
The prices are very reasonable.	Price	0
Excellent tour and great price compared to other tour agencies.	Price	0
I search prices and Budget normally has the best price.	Price	0
The food was very delicious, as the owner will prepare just about anything you request.	Food	2
Travel China inexpensively, see major UNESCO sites, eat tasty and interesting food, meet friendly people.	Food	2
The food was excellent..everyone at the ranch were very enthusiastic, patient and knowledgeable!!	Food	2
So its great that you can easily walk to the food and bars.	Food	2
Very fairly priced.	Price	0
The food they served was nice too.	Food	2
Too good a price to say no.	Price	0
car is warm when you get into it and price is very good for door to door service.	Price	0
The food is all pretty much the same - you will get sick of it.	Food	2
For the price it was great.	Price	0
Food is great as well.	Food	2
They were extremely friendly and the price was reasonable.	Price	0
Charming decor, restaurant with live music and good food - GREAT overall!	Food	2
The food was great!	Food	2
Global travel is fast and professional with a good price.	Price	0
The price of the room was very reasonable, so I will definitely be back when in the area.	Price	0
Good hotel for the price and excellent location.	Price	0
Every need was met or exceeded, the food was excellent, the service fast and extraordinary.	Food	2
Also, for breakfast I was expecting your typical rolls and orange juice, and maybe some cereal, but there was a great selection of different breakfast foods and the dining room was very cute.	Food	2
He was excited and happy to not have junk food!	Food	2
Our driver\/guide, James, was super friendly throughout the experience and his food was delicious.	Food	2
The food was amazing!!	Food	2
The breakfast bar is super clean and well stocked, the food was excellent each day.	Food	2
Lots of places covered, many miles traveled, delicious food.	Food	2
The bistro they have open for dinner had amazing food, one of the best burgers I've ever eaten! And the breakfast choices were amazing as well.	Food	2
The food afterwards was amazing as well.	Food	2
And last but certainly not least,  Lionel prepares the most beautiful and delicious breakfast dshes which will impress the most critical of food enthusiasts!	Food	2
Great food review Toronto to Taipei!!	Food	2
We had such a great time cruzin Vegas in these scooters!! The sights where amazing, the food delicious and most of all the tour guide was so nice ,polite and knowledgeable of the area a must do	Food	2
There's always delicious food available, particularly homemade chocolate chip cookies, and Karl and Jeff, the owners are incredibly thoughtful, accommodating and flexible.	Food	2
Service, food, ambiance was absolutely stellar.	Food	2
Breakfast food is fresh and nicely presented with appealing apps in the eve and a well stocked cocktail bar.	Food	2
this is one hell of a deal for all the delicious food you get..	Food	2
Food is awesome.	Food	2
We love the onsite bar that offers good food and they serve past the time other places are closed.	Food	2
Fantastic modern hotel room, comfortable stay, friendly staff, and excellent food!	Food	2
The food was excellent at both restaurants.	Food	2
Where do I begin? I love this place the staff is wonderful the food is good and they are a really good hotel.	Food	2
Staff was very friendly, food at the bistro was nice and fresh, rooms were immaculate, beds were comfortable.	Food	2
hotel has a lounge and restaurant built in--food very good.	Food	2
The bar also has some good food.	Food	2
The food is delicious and light.	Food	2
Great drivers, passengers, environment, food, drink, and wifi.	Food	2
Food at the restaurant was amazing and the gentleman who served us (Jon) was amazing.	Food	2
Place is amazing place to take a loved one great food lots of things to do with the family amazing staff.	Food	2
Amazing atmosphere amazing food and nice pools water falls	Food	2
Fortunate Fox is the hotel restaurant and bar which made some great cocktails and food.	Food	2
And please do not eat before you take the food tour.	Food	2
So much delicious  food, we were stuffed.	Food	2
The food was good too! Overall this is one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in, and I've stayed in a lot!	Food	2
Nice selections of foods and snacks.	Food	2
The food was great, the daily specials were key, the birthday shots were fun and the PECAN PIE WAS PHENOMENAL!	Food	2
We made 5 stops and the food was excellent at all of them.	Food	2
Great atmosphere, friendly staff and excellent food.	Food	2
It's good down home food.	Food	2
Delicious warm comfort food.	Food	2
The food was delicious!  	Food	2
The staff and service there is exceptional! Keep it up!	Service	1
Shuttle service was very prompt and Jermaine even gave me a quick ride to the store with no issues.	Service	1
She goes above and beyond and has the exceptional Customer Service.	Service	1
Amazing place, amazing service.	Service	1
Thank you for the great service and superb car!	Service	1
Wonderful car, wonderful service.	Service	1
Their customer service is superior, they truly prioritize the customers needs.	Service	1
It was our tremendous good fortune to find Samstrans Car Service Transportation.	Service	1
For the very best in car service transportation, contact Samstrans.	Service	1
Thank you so much Sam for creating this super service.	Service	1
I am amazed at the service Robert has provided me as I travel my corporate group cruise.	Service	1
Haley is fantastic!!! Always great customer service and professionalism.	Service	1
Everytime I use enterprise they give me a great service at Sweettouch definitely recommend	Service	1
We were very happy with the service Noam Meppen provided when we contacted him regarding an Alaskan cruise.	Service	1
This was the best service and they fulfilled a 15 year vision of mine to visit Las Vegas and drive an exotic car.	Service	1
Excellent service, multiple times!  Clean, comfortable cars and excellent drivers.	Service	1
I will use this service in the future.	Service	1
Best shuttle service I've had with short notice and family emergency.	Service	1
Customer service and booking was great.	Service	1
William gave me great customer service, and worked with me for weeks to find me the best flight options for London.	Service	1
I arranged for one of their party buses to take a group of 13 on a pub crawl around the Burgh and I can't say enough good things about the service.	Service	1
I have used this service and Jason B in particular has been very responsive, very helpful, very diligent, and nice to speak with on the phone.	Service	1
I will use this service again, and happily write this review.	Service	1
Thank you Katrina for helping me find my lost coat! Also, thank you Enterprise for the friendly service.	Service	1
Awesome company excellent customer service.	Service	1
The staff was great to work with and definitely will use their service next time in town.	Service	1
Great service! Reasonable prices!	Service	1
Thanks to him I ended up buying 4 boxes lol Great customer service.	Service	1
Because of exotic car but more about the superior customer experience and service!	Service	1
Enrique Martinez and both agents at this location are always their to help and give the best service.	Service	1
Awesome transportation service.	Service	1
I was very happy with the service here - I think I will continue to book my trips here versus online.	Service	1
Excellent customer service!!	Service	1
The guy who helped us was SUPER friendly and even offered us an upgrade for free.	Service	1
Very clean hotel, services are pretty standard for Hampton but the front desk was great and the room was clean and quiet.	Service	1
Great place to rent your dream car! Also, as others say, Vegas Luxury Rides has great customer service.	Service	1
The service is exceptional, fast, and friendly.	Service	1
It was amazing! Service was great and quick, very polite and helpful guy who explain everything to us.	Service	1
always service with a smile...	Service	1
They are always able to give me great service.	Service	1
Ladies and Gentlemen, I cannot, with all literary indulgence nor wit at pen lend discerning realization of the abundant boutique charm coupled with unsurpassed luxury and most importantly	Service	1
A stocked minibar, with 5 Church on dial for speedy and prompt room service.	Service	1
Their prices are great with the added exemplary customer service.	Service	1
EXCELLENT Customer Service, unbeatable rates and courteous helpful staff!	Service	1
Thank you for your support and exemplifying the meaning of stellar customer service.	Service	1
Great service, formerly known as Handicapped Vehicle Specialists.	Service	1
Great service from everyone and after sale support .	Service	1
Service was excellent from valet, reception staff, housekeeping to library lounge bartender.	Service	1
I highly recommend this transportation service and plan to do so with each visit.	Service	1
Fantastic service and amenities.	Service	1
They provide wonderful and courteous service.	Service	1
I definitely recommend this place excellent service and great cars..I'm going there for a second time!	Service	1
It's a great way to experience the sights and culture of Italy, and yes, the food and wine.	Food	2
Food was excellent.	Food	2
Honestly it's one of the best burgers I've had and it's at a great price :)	Price	0
The food is exactly what you'd expect.	Food	2
Best dive in Northside, cool place, great prices, and cool vintage look !	Price	0
This restaurant has such a good vibe, the food is comfort done right with just the right touches of originality and decadence.	Food	2
So much food we have lunch for tomorrow.	Food	2
Wonderful food and awesome friendly atmosphere.	Food	2
Service was very gracious and friendly.	Service	1
Enjoy the tunes and food, keep this place going and perhaps get the prices done.	Food	2
Friendly staff, great prices, and the owners aren't total douchebags!	Price	0
The service was amazing and the food was some of the best I've had.	Service	1
Service is superb; right as I sat down the waitress helped bring me water.	Service	1
Great cuts at an unbeatable prices.	Price	0
The food was really good	Food	2
Great service and friendly waiter.	Service	1
There's no food, but what do you need food for? Wonderfully kitschy atmosphere and great beer prices!	Price	0
You get an incredible view, incredible food, and a great selection of wine for a reasonable price!	Food	2
You get an incredible view, incredible food, and a great selection of wine for a reasonable price!	Price	0
The service at the restaurant was great (especially if you TRY to speak French- at least \"bonjour.\" Luckily I studied in college!	Service	1
The wine list is extensive & the food is amazing!	Food	2
The food is good too.	Food	2
Great food, good service and a nice change of pace from the chain locations.	Food	2
Great food, good service and a nice change of pace from the chain locations.	Service	1
The food prices are amazing and the quality is top notch.	Food	2
The food prices are amazing and the quality is top notch.	Price	0
We had very fast and friendly service.	Service	1
Hands down THE most amazing food...especially the panini's and cole slaw...and who could turn down 1\/2 price wine Wednesday?!	Food	2
The food is BOMB, service is as well!	Service	1
Food was very fresh!	Food	2
Great drinks and daily homemade food.	Food	2
The service was great and menu suggestions were spot on!	Service	1
The atmosphere is perfectly suited for friends to gather for great food, wine, beer, spirits, and conversation.	Food	2
It is nice, clean and the service is great.	Service	1
The customer service is outstanding.	Service	1
Very good prices on food and drinks.	Food	2
Very good prices on food and drinks.	Price	0
Excellent service, good cocktails.	Service	1
The service was very quick and super friendly!	Service	1
Wonderful and  friendly service, delicious and hot homemade tortilla chips, and delicious entrees.	Service	1
the food is wonderful and reasonably priced.	Food	2
the food is wonderful and reasonably priced.	Price	0
Great atmosphere, great people, and great service.	Service	1
The food was amazing and we had a huge variety of drinks to choose from!	Food	2
the food was amazing!	Food	2
Private room for have with your friends and great service!	Service	1
It's fun, it's funky, the drinks are good and not too expensive, the service is lovely.	Service	1
Drinks are a fair price and they have some fun drag queens to watch.	Price	0
The prices were reasonable and everything was nice and clean.	Price	0
Thanks for the great service, the delicous burger and the fantastic football game (which the Stamps won)!	Service	1
Great beer and wine list with fantastic service, Corey was a great bartender!	Service	1
The food was delicious and I highly recommend the restaurant.	Food	2
The jumbo margaritas tasted good, but were 90% ice so not worth the price.	Price	0
However, the hot chicken sandwich was too spicy to eat the whole thing, and we can normally eat spicy food.	Food	2
And great service.	Service	1
the food is awesome you made my girls birthday on point thanks for a great night....	Food	2
Service was impeccable!	Service	1
The food is really great, one of the best bavette I ever had, and the \"salade du moment\" are always simply amazing (beets and goat cheese was delicious).	Food	2
Not many places to choose from in Middlefield this is by far the best food in town and always a friendly place to hang out and watch a game!	Food	2
No food is definitely a bummer (I think a couple of bar food options would have sufficed), but then again, adds to the atmoshere.	Food	2
Great prices even better food chicken salads are a must have very good and I love their ranch dressing  yum definitely a hidden gem in penn hills	Price	0
Great food..great prices...best kept secret in Penn hills  It's a must try place.	Food	2
Great food..great prices...best kept secret in Penn hills  It's a must try place.	Price	0
I had a great time, terrific music, great variety of food, and the wines were awesome!	Food	2
Prices are more than reasonable.	Price	0
Service also had a good personality.	Service	1
Good food good service good fun	Food	2
Good food good service good fun	Service	1
Pool tables, music, great service.	Service	1
Always had very good, helpful service, and very much enjoy everything I've had from the menu.	Service	1
Fox's provides the best service with the sexiest ladies in the valley of the sun.	Service	1
Prices are very reasonable and the staff is very friendly.	Price	0
The best Indian food I have tried in Calgary.	Food	2
The food is delicious and ambiance is very chill.	Food	2
The service was on point, everyone really makes certain the customers are happy including the owner which is nice to see.	Service	1
Best Greek food I've had.	Food	2
The atmosphere is amazing and the food is even better.	Food	2
Do not let the odd shape dish fool you, it's a lot of food.	Food	2
This is a place I have been going to for years and years, good food and great atmosphere as well, it is a place I can go to at anytime and see a friendly face.	Food	2
Joe the kitchen manager is cool, friendly staff, healthy food portions size and place is super clean!	Food	2
I feel like it was over all one of the best food and entertainment values so far in Vegas.	Food	2
Best service I had at a gay night club.	Service	1
Food was delicious, service was excellent.	Food	2
Food was delicious, service was excellent.	Service	1
Great burgers and cold drinks at very reasonable prices.	Price	0
Great for food and the live music.	Food	2
Italian food is amazing.	Food	2
If you want good pub grub food and drinks and a awesome price, this is the place.	Price	0
So, great food, good drink prices, and one of the most friendly bars you can find..	Food	2
So, great food, good drink prices, and one of the most friendly bars you can find..	Price	0
Great service, looking forward to trying the sandwiches.	Service	1
Great service food and decor.	Food	2
Great service food and decor.	Service	1
Great comedians, great service, and great fun!	Service	1
It was refreshing to have quick service on a Friday night along with friendly servers!	Service	1
The food here is pretty awesome.	Food	2
The food was priced very decently and the serving sizes were more than enough.	Food	2
I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for really tasty authentic Mexican food.	Food	2
The food is fresh, quality and with hefty portions too.	Food	2
The smokin cue is incredible, amazing employees as well as great people to meet and hang with it does get a little busy on the nights of league but still a great place to play pool, the prices are great the food is great overall​ the smokin cue is an amazing establishment	Food	2
The smokin cue is incredible, amazing employees as well as great people to meet and hang with it does get a little busy on the nights of league but still a great place to play pool, the prices are great the food is great overall​ the smokin cue is an amazing establishment	Price	0
The food was very good and very affordable.	Food	2
Awesome food, great price and great service!	Food	2
Awesome food, great price and great service!	Service	1
Awesome food, great price and great service!	Price	0
VIP can be very fun at Bar Room, the girls are great in this area, seating is pretty comfortable and prices are reasonable considering...	Price	0
I loved the restaurant, service was great and I really enjoyed my food!	Food	2
I loved the restaurant, service was great and I really enjoyed my food!	Service	1
Stephen was our server he recommended wine beer pizza and the salad everything was wonderful and so enjoyed sitting outside weather was perfect enjoyed his friendly service	Service	1
The owner was very nice to us, and the price was reasonable.	Price	0
Great food, but the pizza is where it shines.	Food	2
Great food during the day corner bar feel.	Food	2
Extraordinary service, incredible food.	Food	2
Extraordinary service, incredible food.	Service	1
Plus it's insanely cheap, good food and drinks, in a fun atmosphere.	Food	2
Service is attentive and kind, and the trivia host is smokin' hot.	Service	1
Great bar, great service.	Service	1
Prices are good even for a casino!	Price	0
The service was quite fast.	Service	1
The prices here were very reasonable.	Price	0
Their food is delicious and their prices are very fair!	Food	2
Their food is delicious and their prices are very fair!	Price	0
Friendly attentive service, yummy drinks.	Service	1
Prices are definitely reasonable.	Price	0
Fantastic place good bar food and low price drinks.	Food	2
AND they have great food!	Food	2
Good prices and service but great for breakfast too!	Service	1
Good prices and service but great for breakfast too!	Price	0
Fantastic food and amazing drinks!	Food	2
All of the food was really great.	Food	2
The service was quick and timely.	Service	1
Great hookah and service chill atmosphere, good hip hop music playing and the al glass hookahs hit well, great prices and great staff	Price	0
Service was very friendly and relaxed.	Service	1
We will be back again because of the great service we received!	Service	1
We ended up being really pleased with the service.	Service	1
Although not always cheap, you're paying for great service and atmosphere so do not let that deter you from having one of the best bar experiences in down town montreal.	Service	1
Cute little place, amazing food, great drinks, & loved Ashely who assisted us!	Food	2
I digress......this location consistently has excellent service.	Service	1
This place is cool, hip, has affordable drinks, great service and did I mention the FREE snacks on Monday nights? 	Service	1
Bottom line	Food	2
Friendly service that gives you a sense of belonging.	Service	1
The service is great, owner is very friendly and challenged us to a hot wing contest and gave us over $100 worth of free food and beer.	Service	1
I love supporting our new local restaurants in the casino not only because the food is fantastic, but the employees are just as well.	Food	2
Love it and their service to loyal locals.	Service	1
Down to earth bar at is finest with great drink prices!	Price	0
This bar has just changed owners, the food is awesome and the staff is excellent!	Food	2
Food was delicious, service warm and attentive.	Food	2
Food was delicious, service warm and attentive.	Service	1
The food was excellent.	Food	2
The staff did a wonderful job and the service was excellent.	Service	1
The food was amazing from first to last bite (and we finished every single bite)!	Food	2
Middlefield tavern is a wonderful place to meet friends have a beer and get some of the best food in Geauga county.	Food	2
This is a great bar great food great drinks the bartenders and cooks are amazing.	Food	2
They got great service, their food is excellent.	Service	1
After you make it to a certain status in gambling, you get invited to these fantastic foodie events.	Food	2
Food and service are over the top!	Food	2
Food and service are over the top!	Service	1
Ambiance was great, service was friendly, and help-yourself appetizers made it easy to keep a balanced stomach without playing the usual guessing game of ordering more apps and wondering what size they'll be.	Service	1
The service was amazing and they where both so friendly and helpful.	Service	1
They have a full grass driving range (no mats to scuff up your clubs), amazing food, affordable drinks, sand volleyball, and even cornhole.	Food	2
The food was fresh and perfectly seasoned and the service was friendly and fast.	Food	2
The food was fresh and perfectly seasoned and the service was friendly and fast.	Service	1
It's a highly original establishment, serving top quality food and drink as well.	Food	2
Come visit Tony best service and chill vibes.	Service	1
Very nice place and priced well for the quality and selection.	Price	0
Great food with varied menu and always have the best craft beers on tap-----can't beat happy hour prices or steelers game free bufftets with big screens.	Food	2
I would recommend to anyone that wants a good time and good food.	Food	2
The service was absolutely perfect, from start to finish, she had great suggestions, perfect timing, attentive but not intrusive .	Service	1
The food was awesome, the drink selection was vast and the dance floor rocked.	Food	2
We had VIP tickets as well - the food was an incredible spread that lasted for almost the entire time by Todd English P.U.B.	Food	2
Food is home made and delicious and to die for!	Food	2
Service and atmosphere is outstanding!	Service	1
Owner is so passionate about excellent food and drink!	Food	2
The new Chef makes great food with extremely reasonable prices.	Food	2
The new Chef makes great food with extremely reasonable prices.	Price	0
The portions are generous and the service is very friendly as always.	Service	1
Service was friendly and happy.	Service	1
Our food arrived quickly and to order.	Food	2
Italian food done right!	Food	2
Not only did they completely accommodate us and our party on their special night, the service was beyond amazing.	Service	1
Great service, friendly, welcoming and perfect bar food.	Food	2
Great service, friendly, welcoming and perfect bar food.	Service	1
Also the customer service is great, the owner came out to make sure our food was good and the waitresses came to check on us and refill our beverages.	Food	2
Also the customer service is great, the owner came out to make sure our food was good and the waitresses came to check on us and refill our beverages.	Service	1
Wonderful ambience, music, service!	Service	1
You can rent a private room for you and your friends for minimum 2 hours for a modest price or pay 10 dollars (which included a free drink when I went) for the main room.	Price	0
The service was great.	Service	1
Great selection, awesome service and friendly crowd!	Service	1
The beers are world-class, the food is fantastic, and the atmosphere is really pleasant.	Food	2
Great service friendly staff....awesome kpop and sports on the big screens.	Service	1
Very good costumer service 	Service	1
Great food, excellent Happy Hour with an amazing buffet!	Food	2
Their food is great and both food and drinks are such great prices!	Food	2
Their food is great and both food and drinks are such great prices!	Price	0
If you're looking for a yummy bottle of wine for a reasonable price then look no further that Table Wine.	Price	0
The shisha place has a very friendly atmosphere and the prices are very reasonable.	Price	0
Food was great, service was fantastic, and the portion of the rice bowl was very surprising.	Food	2
Food was great, service was fantastic, and the portion of the rice bowl was very surprising.	Service	1
We seek him out for his great service and down to earth personality.	Service	1
The food is very authentic Italian, and we highly recommend it.	Food	2
Great atmosphere, food, and service.	Food	2
Great atmosphere, food, and service.	Service	1
We've been there several times, and the food has been delicious every time.	Food	2
The service has always been fast and helpful.	Service	1
Very clean, great prices,drink specials every day.	Price	0
The atmosphere was warmly and friendly, the service was great and the food was incredible!	Food	2
The atmosphere was warmly and friendly, the service was great and the food was incredible!	Service	1
Nicholas was our bartender and we enjoyed some good food\/drinks\/gaming.	Food	2
Good food (I had the cheesesteak) Staff is very Friendly and welcoming.	Food	2
Bartenders are very attentive and prices are very reasonable!	Price	0
I'd deem it to be really great service and the staff has always been pleasant.	Service	1
His vision of a plaza of Italian food should be a great neighborhood destination and Ralphie is already setting the bar for quality food in a non-pretentious, friendly, Cave Creek-values kind of way.	Food	2
Or get comfort food on Italian night.	Food	2
Great service and LOVE that I see the owner when I go there!	Service	1
Drinks are fairly priced & the food as well.	Food	2
Drinks are fairly priced & the food as well.	Price	0
I've always been impressed with their staff downstairs at the pub, special note of awesome service by Aaron this week who put a ton of effort into making sure the out of towners had a memorable time.	Service	1
Service was friendly, fireplace was on, country music with a very good sound system.	Service	1
Would highly recommend the service and ESPECIALLY requesting Anthony as your host!	Service	1
I have visited Towne Tavern Indian Land, and have received nothing but top notch service.	Service	1
Great place, good prices, good time.	Price	0
Wonderful new bar with great bartenders and great food.	Food	2
I really like the big TVs and the great service.	Service	1
Great drinks, great service.	Service	1
Good flights, good food, good service, and a private room if you want a happy hour with numerous folks.	Food	2
Good flights, good food, good service, and a private room if you want a happy hour with numerous folks.	Service	1
The food were delicious, especially the calamari.	Food	2
The restaurant is welcoming and the food is delicious  and fresh!	Food	2
Excellent service and food.	Service	1
His services are a bargain and I recommend using Connected Montreal for your party.	Service	1
Service was excellent and atmosphere is trendy and relaxed.	Service	1
Prices are extremely reasonable.	Price	0
The service was great and our food came out in a timely manner.	Service	1
Simple tasty breakfast and excellent friendly service.	Service	1
The service is very friendly and accommodating--we were picky about our food, and they made everything cheerfully to spec.	Service	1
Im at the Dottys near Rainbow & Windmill, Omar is awesome, if your looking for great customer service, youll get it here.	Service	1
His specials are large servings and reasonable prices.	Price	0
nice place and service, there was a gentleman with glasses( don't remember his name)  by himself, he was so kind and helpful.	Service	1
The bartender, Paul, is very attentive and has excellent customer service.	Service	1
Yeah I know it's graveyard and it's a bit slower but still great service always goes a long way.	Service	1
Good food good service.	Service	1
The servers & owners offer excellent customer service.	Service	1
Easy to work with, reasonable prices, and great service.	Service	1
Easy to work with, reasonable prices, and great service.	Price	0
Great artist (don't know the others), great atmosphere, great location, prices and great hours.	Price	0
It seems that the right price pointed drink and food menu, combined with a pleasant atmosphere, and an unimposing hipster decor make this casual restaurant a habit forming meeting, dining and cocktail bar destination downtown.	Price	0
This place was amazing very impressed and great prices !	Price	0
Great drinks at good prices and friendly service.	Service	1
Great drinks at good prices and friendly service.	Price	0
Tonight we had amazing service and food...	Service	1
Most amazing food and service we have experienced in Calgary.	Service	1
The service is fantastic -- more than 5-Stars!	Service	1
Fair prices and great interior.	Price	0
A classic neighborhood bar with great food at reasonable prices.	Price	0
Lots of booze to choose from at a reasonable price, the bartenders are all TS with great personalities and easy to get along with.	Price	0
First, all of the tacos are VERY reasonably priced imo.	Price	0
Best wings on town.They have a whole lot of different flavors.Very reasonable prices.	Price	0
Prices so reasonable.	Price	0
The price is right compared to other venues around town!	Price	0
A good selection of cigars at very reasonable prices.	Price	0
They make you feel at home right away, they have a sick shop and great prices!	Price	0
Oh, they also have the best prices on growlers I've seen in Montreal so far.	Price	0
Service and price are great!	Price	0
The dinner alone was worth the price of admission only to be outdone by the stellar show performance.	Price	0
They have a great happy hour prices!	Price	0
Overall great prices, great people, and a great time!	Price	0
Well priced	Price	0
The inside is a bit rundown but, the staff is awesome, and the prices are fair.	Price	0
Elliott is the friendliest, best bartender on the world, the atmosphere is adorable and comfortable, the drinks are always perfect, and the prices are so much more reasonable than 99% of other local bars.	Price	0
There was a nice mix of girls and guys, the drinks were reasonably priced, and the food was surprisingly good.	Price	0
Prices are fair with the service you get.	Price	0
Will definitely use again and the prices were great!	Price	0
Dizzys is such a great little bar with great prices.	Price	0
As others said, reasonably priced for the amount of food you get and if you don't mind louder than usual music, it's well worth it.	Price	0
Prices compared to other places are also great.	Price	0
Prices were reasonable, especially considering both quality and portion size.	Price	0
Food prices are reasonable too.	Price	0
The lounge area is well decorated, incredible local Music Karaoke, nice price, and a great atmosphere.	Price	0
Small hole in the wall, but alcohol prices were amazing.	Price	0
The prices are reasonable.	Price	0
The beer is good and very reasonable priced.	Price	0
Best shisha in downtown with good price and variety of flavours.	Price	0
The prices are good as well.	Price	0
Good tunes, reasonable prices and fun staff made the evening a great experience.	Price	0
Very reasonable prices and they are the sweetest people in the world.	Price	0
Go here on a Saturday and look for John the bartender, makes a great drink, prices are right, little dive joint but a great place to relax and have a drink.	Price	0
Drink prices are standard but a very good deal!	Price	0
The prices are reasonable considering how long a hookah can last.	Price	0
Loved the food and the price.	Price	0
Clean cool place to hang where the drinks flow for a vervy reasonable price.	Price	0
The best price and food for kids.	Price	0
Great prices and great service too!	Price	0
Good prices, delicious food and great atmosphere!	Price	0
Great prices, gorgeous waitresses.	Price	0
Great experience, friendly staff, great prices.	Price	0
Get delicious grub at affordable prices.	Price	0
Everything was absolutely amazing and worth the price.	Price	0
Prices were reasonable for Toronto and the owner and staff were really helpful and friendly making you feel at home.	Price	0
They made it so easy and found us a great hotel price everyone was happy with.	Price	0
The food was great and prices were good.	Price	0
Their prices seem to be the cheapest in the village on the St.	Price	0
About 7+ beers on tap and the prices are really good.	Price	0
This is a great bar, with good food, good prices and amazing staff.	Price	0
It has great service and the prices are great.	Price	0
The price per hour is reasonable and not charged per person.	Price	0
Also, I think it's noteworthy to say that I don't think I saw a single food item on their menu that was priced above $10, so their prices are more than reasonable, and for the quality, you can't beat it!	Price	0
Excellent food at an excellent price in a nice ambiance with really friendly service.	Price	0
Fabulous service everytime I have come here.	Service	1
I Worked the event, own a photo booth business, I LOVED how attentive the service was.	Service	1
Plus the price is unbeatable!	Price	0
If you live in town, you can buy a season pass for (IMO, surprisingly compared to other local pools) a very reasonable price.	Price	0
I was impressed with the selection and service provided at Campers Village, and would certainly return if I found myself looking for other outdoors gear while in Calgary.	Service	1
Great company, great price and great ride!	Price	0
Food was cooked perfect and service was great.	Service	1
Prices are reasonable and distinct, other bike stores would only quote me a huge range in price, cause they only see $$$ and not a long term customer.	Price	0
The service was quick and was setup for two mountain bikes that fit our size 6'0\" and 6'5\" perfectly.	Service	1
Again the service was friendly and felt welcome here.	Service	1
This one is one of the top ones in customer service, cleanliness, and upkeep.	Service	1
Bar service was quick, the food came out quickly (we literally ordered one of everything, and went back for more), and the bowling was a great time.	Service	1
Quick service turnaround.	Service	1
Have great instructors wonderful classes and affordable prices!	Price	0
They are relatively new in town from Colorado and they have the best service unlike the other Scottsdale bike shops.	Service	1
The customer service is the best at any rental place I have ever been to.	Service	1
I was highly impressed with their service and appreciation for their customers.	Service	1
Great equipment, fantastic showers, and complimentary towel service.	Service	1
Friendly staff, quality rooms, and great prices.	Price	0
Cycle Vegas may be a small operation compared to others but he excels in service, responsiveness, as well as bike and ride quality.	Service	1
Service was excellent and he got a great used pair for $30!	Service	1
Excellent food and service.	Service	1
The prices are very reasonable and sometimes we stay and play in the activity pool outside.	Price	0
Customer service is great and the facilities are wonderul.	Service	1
He will sell you good quality equipement, suited to your needs, at very reasonable prices without trying yo upsale you!	Price	0
We had impeccable service from the whole staff!	Service	1
Customer service is great, the bikes are great, and the trails are amazing.	Service	1
The service was great on a Friday night, it wasn't too busy.	Service	1
Customer Service is beyond great, ATVs were a blast to ride, and the desert scenery was incredible!	Service	1
Everything you want in a box and at a prefect price.	Price	0
Got the present at a great price too.	Price	0
Very knowledgeable staff and good service.	Service	1
And also thry have really good flexible times and great customer service	Service	1
This bike shop and the man who runs it, Chris offers the best quality bike service you can find in the entire United States.	Service	1
They have a full service gym also and offer daycare while you workout.	Service	1
Great price, nice small lake, very relaxing.	Price	0
This is a hit or miss depending on their stock and what you are looking for, but I always find great items and excellent prices.	Price	0
The customer service is excellent.	Service	1
The prices are also reasonable.	Price	0
I knew the service was top notch because a friend bought all of his snowboard gear from them.	Service	1
Also great customer service.	Service	1
Wonderful selection and service.	Service	1
Service was fast, friendly & done right.	Service	1
I've also bought accessories from here and found they have a well curated selection of good stuff at fair prices.	Price	0
Super friendly service -- even when I brought the bike back with a cut sidewall.	Service	1
Very clean, well organized and all the added services are a bonus.	Service	1
I would recommend this place if you need a good adjustment he is amazing, and he has the best Customer Service Rachel is very sweet and very kind,  and at the end of adjustment if you're nice Rachel gives you a little bit of a massage at the end it's a great combination to fit together this office is very wonderful and I would recommend it to anybody.	Service	1
High quality clothing at great prices and a huge selection for an outlet.	Price	0
We had awesome service and everyone who worked there were fun and super nice.	Service	1
The membership okay and price very good deal!	Price	0
The prices are reasonable and scheduling is flexible.	Price	0
Not only are they friendly, knowledgeable and reasonable priced but they really care about you having a great experience.	Price	0
Unpretentious, helpful and reasonably priced.	Price	0
Very nice people, great customer service.	Service	1
Gnar Gnar and its merry band of Gnarsters is one of the best, most thought out, and innovative services I've come across in the pantheon of mountain biking.	Service	1
Great value - guests told us the food tasted great, minimal decorations required since the hall is already quite beautiful and more than reasonable prices.	Price	0
Great service in a little family owned shop.	Service	1
In both cases I received fantastic service.	Service	1
Anyways the prices are exceptionally reasonable and competitive since you get coaching and they prepare you for fights if you wish to compete.	Price	0
Very good service all around.	Service	1
The prices are fine, you have flexibility depending on how many classes you want to do per week, and how long you want to sign up for.	Price	0
They offer those facilities to rent with reasonable price.	Price	0
Best products and best service around!	Service	1
Absolutely the best customer service.	Service	1
Amy was awesome wit her customer service and gave me a lot of confidence about the experience.	Service	1
First off, it was really reasonably priced for the two of us to golf 18 holes at $6.00 per person.	Price	0
Service	Service	1
Great service, communication and mostly importantly people (& atvs:))!	Service	1
The prices are very reasonable.	Price	0
Great price per hour, friendly and observant staff (in regards to safety), and excellent facilities!	Price	0
Great customer service seems to come naturally to this place!	Service	1
Their service is top notch!	Service	1
They have great packages with affordable prices for everyone.	Price	0
High quality, good price, amazing service.	Service	1
High quality, good price, amazing service.	Price	0
All this special service for a very reasonable price.	Service	1
All this special service for a very reasonable price.	Price	0
Customer service is excellent - team is responsive and trustworthy.	Service	1
I'm pretty new at the Viking thing but it seems very reasonable on the price as well.	Price	0
Friendly staff, all off the equipment I need, and you can't beat the price!	Price	0
This place is amazing and the owners are extremely friendly prices are very reasonable and the rooms they have are really amazing varying in difficulty depending on what every group would want to do, definitely worth a visit or two.	Price	0
The prices here and at the main store are right on the money.	Price	0
This shop has great customer service and takes the time to help you.	Service	1
I will definitely recommend this place for its friendly staff and wonderful service.	Service	1
All the other parents inquired about this place after the party and were very impressed with the friendliness and service we received.	Service	1
To start, the customer service is outstanding.	Service	1
There is also a ladies night every 3rd Tuesday and the price is very reasonable.	Price	0
You cannot go wrong for the price you pay.	Price	0
Excellent service and class schedule fit for a demanding lifestyle.	Service	1
I recommend this gym to everybody looking for a full service facility.	Service	1
They are honest, great prices, and fast service.	Service	1
They are honest, great prices, and fast service.	Price	0
Great friendly service at affordable prices.	Service	1
I would highly recommend, great service, great price, they just need to find a way to make me ride faster!	Service	1
I would highly recommend, great service, great price, they just need to find a way to make me ride faster!	Price	0
The classes are top rate and the prices are great.	Price	0
I will return to use their services in the future and highly recommend them.	Service	1
The prices were also extremely reasonable.	Price	0
Done in a timely manner and it was a good price, compared to my other estimates.	Price	0
The prices for bowling were very reasonable.	Price	0
Great service and highly knowledgeable!	Service	1
I think the monthly price and drop in are reasonable when compared to others.	Price	0
I live in North Phoenix and it is hard to find a good local pool service but this company does it all.	Service	1
They were reasonably priced and very competent.	Price	0
Great place to go for the price.	Price	0
Their services do complement each other well.	Service	1
Full of great surprises & super sweet customer service.	Service	1
They have good prices and a wide variety to choose from!	Price	0
Complete marine has the best service dept in 2 states.	Service	1
The food is great and the service is top notch.	Service	1
The prices are always great which is hard to find in the Henderson, Las Vegas area.	Price	0
You can rent 24 hour lockers for very reasonable price.	Price	0
Nice selection of equipment all in great shape and great prices!	Price	0
Ticket prices are fair and there isn't a bad seat in the house.	Price	0
Veterans are honored for their service by being  provided with a substantial discount to the CCW course.	Service	1
The dedication to providing the best services is seen through their knowledge, collaboration, and ongoing analysis.	Service	1
I'm grateful for the care he's provided both of us, and will continue to use his services and recommend him.	Service	1
The owners are nice, the prices are more than fair and the location is perfect.	Price	0
Totally worth the visit and prices.	Price	0
I was so happy with their service that I couldn't leave the store empty handed, so I picked up a jar of local (Pahrump) honey.	Service	1
The prices were good, and the great customer service.	Service	1
The prices were good, and the great customer service.	Price	0
The prices are reasonable as well.	Price	0
I have not met the other owners but I sense Zach understands he is in a competitive service business and knows communication and timely service is very important to maintain and build a business.	Service	1
Cool spot with parking, reasonably priced sessions with open gym for clients.	Price	0
We had great service and a great time!	Service	1
Escape Key is friendly to both newbies and veterans, the price is completely reasonable, and it's a lot of fun!	Price	0
Service was punctual, friendly, and professional.	Service	1
They provided excellent customer service from start to finish.	Service	1
Amazing customer service, never encountered people like this at a gun store before.	Service	1
I have been coming to this gym for many years and have seen the changes between managers, Eric is top on my list of management, he knows the business and I feel runs a smooth service for anyone who goes there.	Service	1
Very knowledgeable staff and good prices.	Price	0
The service was impeccable and started as soon as we pulled up in the car.	Service	1
Matt also has good rackets with affordable prices so I recommend if you go there and don't have a racket, buy one from him.	Price	0
Outstanding customer service!	Service	1
They greatly impressed me with both their customer service and integrity to do things right.	Service	1
Service is highly personalized for individual needs; trainers are fantastic, motivating and well trained; atmosphere is upbeat; and I'm getting results.	Service	1
I look forward to our new established service with this company.	Service	1
Their prices are also pretty good.	Price	0
Not the lowest, but their customer service is excellent!	Service	1
The introduction month price is a great deal to try out as many classes as you'd like at a super affordable price.	Price	0
Excellent customer service and just very friendly people.	Service	1
As a college student, I generally wouldn't be able to afford this kind of care, so let's just say that the service is, well, \"affordable\".	Service	1
There are also coaches available for hitting and pitching that offer private lessons and good prices.	Price	0
Old Town Beach Cruisers have new bikes and accessories for sale also.We were very happy with our bikes and the wonderful friendly service we received from Emmanuel.	Service	1
Social service agencies and organizations are always dear to my heart.	Service	1
And I was seriously amazed and impressed that all proceeds are going to such an amazing social service organization that helps to empower under privileged women and give them the confidence to be work force ready.	Service	1
Instructors are crazy energetic and talented and the prices are very very reasonable.	Price	0
Overall, Great fun, with very awesome friendly service!	Service	1
Awesome selection and prices.	Price	0
Excellent service, great wings (love the spicy teriyaki), and a nice place to take the family.	Service	1
Price and service, dedication can't be beat.	Price	0
The membership is reasonable priced.	Price	0
Best Taekwondo place ever, family spirit, reasonable price, caring for the kids, sport science minded, I took my daughter to 4 Taekwondo places before Master Seung's, but definitely this is the best.	Price	0
Price is very good!	Price	0
The studio is beautiful, the instructors are friendly and nurturing, and the prices are reasonable.	Price	0
Well worth the price.	Price	0
They gym is awesome because you get 24\/7 access for an awesome price.	Price	0
At $16 in the refillable souvenir cup it was well worth the price.	Price	0
You can't beat the service here and the prices were fair.	Price	0
I think they save on overhead too by having their location off the main road which means savings passed on to the customer because they do have some of the best prices in the valley for printing shops.	Price	0
The prices are really great for not only the amount of time spent there but also for the quality of care.	Price	0
The prices are really fair (they fluctuate depending on when you go and whether you rent a full court or just drop-in) and they're open everyday until late in the evening.	Price	0
Prices are reasonable, and it's a nice departure from the usual lunch spots.	Price	0
Beautifully maintained and more than reasonably priced.	Price	0
Their prices are the best you're going to find.	Price	0
I have also found his prices are good especialy compared to the other stores I've been to.	Price	0
Their prices are very reasonable for all items and services.	Price	0
They provide excellent training for a reasonable price.	Price	0
Great price for a unique small guided ride and cowboy experience complete with .22 shooting, bow and arrow, axe throwing, and a cool one at the saloon!	Price	0
All prices include the cart, bonus!	Price	0
Really excellent service, and positive environment to be in.	Service	1
The feel of the place and their service was wonderful...	Service	1
The work was done in a timely manner and the price was excellent.	Price	0
Absolutely fabulous service and experience.	Service	1
The prices are reasonable too!	Price	0
The ranges are in amazing shape and the service was awesome.	Service	1
Wish every company was this dependable and obsessed with over the top customer service.	Service	1
BEST golf service I have ever used in any city.	Service	1
Great staff, clean facility, ultimately a great deal for the price.	Price	0
Very knowledgeable staff, great prices and if they don't have it on their shelf, they'll order for you!	Price	0
If you need quality durability and great prices these guys are it period.	Price	0
Very reasonably priced; she did a craft, colored, played with play doh and ran around in their play area for $12.	Price	0
Lunch and valet service were good.	Service	1
because membership is low, public can get in 18 holes at very resonable prices.	Price	0
the club grill offers good fare and good prices	Price	0
The customer service was superb and not overbearing.	Service	1
The price is very fair.	Price	0
The prices are very reasonable ($12 walking and $20 with a cart)	Price	0
The service is probably the best I've experienced in any courses in the Mecklenburg County area.As soon as you drive up someone is there to pull your clubs from your vehicle and load them onto a cart.	Service	1
The prices are very reasonable and they will go above and beyond the call of duty.	Price	0
The food was fantastic and the service was top notch.	Service	1
The prices are very fair, if not less expensive, in comparison to other studios in the area.	Price	0
I love my boat and the customer service is amazing.	Service	1
Great prices, great classes, great atmosphere, and great staff!	Price	0
Great company that offered rentals at affordable prices and the entire process was very  dry smooth.	Price	0
And for something so specialized and with such small classes, the price is great - only about $15 per class.	Price	0
I might take off half a star because his prices are very high.	Price	0
To me, the prices of memberships are reasonable and the availability of classes is sufficient especially when I work swing shift so I will be getting a membership once my groupon is up.	Price	0
Their selection is great, their prices can't be beat, and their employees are very helpful and knowledgeable about reloading questions and issues.	Price	0
Eric went the extra mile with every detail, handled absolutely everything and created our 'dream come true' pool at a wonderful price!	Price	0
These include a nice raised table top, 4 seats and waiter service...	Service	1
This was my 2nd time using this service and I highly recommend it!	Service	1
I highly recommend his services!	Service	1
Very fair price, wonderful to talk to, incredibly knowledgeable, and painstakingly meticulous work.	Price	0
Plus, she charged me a very fair price (I actually went in expecting more).	Price	0
My friends and I are always looking for an excuse to take a trip to Vegas, but after the amazing services we have received from Kam and everyone at Sienna, we no longer need an excuse.	Service	1
I have to say the customer service from Kam was outstanding!	Service	1
We were seated right away, service was friendly and attentive.	Service	1
I had to pay more money but the service was good.	Service	1
It's a pretty reasonably priced night of entertainment that everyone should see at least once.	Price	0
I was able to score a couple seats directly behind home plate at a very affordable price.	Price	0
Great neighborhood bar, great drinks, service.	Service	1
I highly recommend Kam for VIP hosting service.	Service	1
Great service, food and price.	Service	1
Worked with this entertainment company many times with out of town clients, they are professional, reasonable priced and go the extra mile to make sure my high-end clients are taken care of.	Price	0
Kam, has been nothing but amazing and provides us with the best service and deals!	Service	1
Excellent customer service.	Service	1
I am always amazed by his courteous and prompt service.	Service	1
Best price that we could find and also has a referral discount.	Price	0
Thanks for the amazing food and service 	Service	1
The admission price is also reasonable at about $8 per child (no charge for children under 12 months).	Price	0
If you're looking for the best service & results, look no further than	Service	1
Combine that with top-notch service and responsiveness and you're with a winner.	Service	1
I assumed that tuning it would've been a tall order, but Saint did a wonderful job, in a relatively short amount of time and for a very reasonable price.	Price	0
I highly recommend Saint's services if you're in need of a piano tuning.	Service	1
Incredibly personal and touching music for your wedding day ceremony, at a very reasonable price!	Price	0
This is a good spot and there are lots of rooms to choose from and the prices are good.	Price	0
It was well priced and very entertaining!	Price	0
Reasonably priced unique jewelry and lots of other eclectic gifts.	Price	0
I absolutely loved the star treatment and service he gave.	Service	1
The staff is super friendly and helpful and the prices are reasonable.	Price	0
love the the service as well.The gallery is certainly not like the others ...	Service	1
Would DEFINITELY use and highly recommend their services again!	Service	1
We are happy to recommend Arizona Art Restoration for a phenomenal repair job and excellent service!	Service	1
And we're able to keep our eyes open for \"scratch and dent\" original art that can be restored for a great price!	Price	0
We were recommended Sergio's services by a friend.	Service	1
The prices are actually incredible.	Price	0
Lessons are very reasonably priced and group classes(excellent) are included in the price of private lessons.	Price	0
The price cannot be beat either.	Price	0
It may be slightly expensive compared to other salons, but the service, quality, and overall experience are well worth the price.	Service	1
The service is really great.	Service	1
Overall I was so happy with the service I got from Sienna Entertainment and would use them again in a heartbeat.	Service	1
I really like this store's customer service.	Service	1
Great work, very reasonable prices, highly recommend.	Price	0
Prices are very competitive compared to other dance studios.	Price	0
The tables were awesome, the service was awesome.	Service	1
Cheap ticket prices are pretty nice too.	Price	0
Great VIP service!	Service	1
Sienna Entertainment is hands down the best VIP service in Vegas, LA and OC!	Service	1
The easiest and most efficient service to use and every single host has been so kind and courteous to everyone I've sent over to Sienna.	Service	1
Usually with this type of service there are so many promoters\/VIP services that lag on responses but Sienna is on top of their game!	Service	1
I would HIGHLY recommend Sienna Entertainment to anyone who is looking for the BEST VIP service in all of Vegas, LA and OC.	Service	1
There really isn't another VIP service like Sienna Entertainment and I will always use their services moving forward.	Service	1
Amazing service, incredibly skilled.	Service	1
Really lovely wines, stellar cheese plate and amazingly friendly service!	Service	1
I've used this service twice and both were fun and very worth it.	Service	1
The table service was SUPER small and in a really random area and I was told that I would get a table OUTSIDE when I reserved for the evening, but again, a really affordable price I got.	Price	0
The price is very reasonable.	Price	0
As if all of that isn't good enough, his services are very affordable for the value he provides.	Service	1
We had 8 girls and 3 guys, Girls got free entry and he even gave the guys a really reasonable price for VIP entry.	Price	0
I have worked with Sienna Entertainment years ago for a bachelorette party and service was great.	Service	1
Absolutely worth the price of admission.	Price	0
We got our hotel and VIP services all from Kam.	Service	1
I found her price to be fair and reasonable.	Price	0
Even prior to the festival itself, there has been an auction with a variety of great items going for good prices; the proceeds went to Local First Arizona.	Price	0
It's literally as good as it looks if not better, and the food is decent but price was it's really good.	Price	0
Andrew is a great guy and all services were knocked out in a timely fashion with great customer services.	Service	1
I texted Kam and his host at Hakkasan had replied with a great price for bottle service.	Price	0
My other buddies had contacts as well, but neither of them were as responsive nor offered a great price as Kam.	Price	0
When you need a reliable service to help plan the entire weekend, check out Sienna Entertainment.	Service	1
Great service end to end.	Service	1
Reasonably priced, super friendly staff, and cute little venue that anyone should check out.	Price	0
I Will definitely use his services in the future.	Service	1
Kam provided top notch service from the planning stages of the party to checking on us frequently while we were in Vegas to helping secure last minute reservations.	Service	1
I have used other VIP service companies previously but this time, my experience was different and I made new friends in the US.	Service	1
Super friendly service.	Service	1
We hit up Act, Liquid, and Marquee with no wait and fast entry at a super reasonable price.	Price	0
Service was excellent and the ambiance is artsy and cozy.	Service	1
It was a good price, and the theatre was full for most performances.	Price	0
Their gift shop has stuff I'd actually want to buy, and at a fair price!	Price	0
Nice touch and everything thing was reasonably priced.	Price	0
Reasonably priced, I can see many people getting sucked in and enjoying every moment.	Price	0
His customer service is FANTASTIC!	Service	1
Not only does he do  a great piano tuning, but he's very professional and his prices are reasonable.	Price	0
Excellent service, tremendous end product, and fantastic people.	Service	1
We had an incredible, reasonably priced Meritage wine, delicious salmon with rice, roasted tomatoes and arugula, and homemade sorbet.	Price	0
we pre paid for all of the events prior to arrival and we have never been let down with the professional service we have recieved from them.	Service	1
We were nicely greeted by our host at XS, entered quickly, and had great service from the staff.	Service	1
Best service EVER.	Service	1
It's fairly reasonably priced for entry at around $10.	Price	0
Great service, great games, great experience!	Service	1
Thank you, Vic tor for your great hospitality and service!	Service	1
I've also enjoyed the service in the golf shop and tips from their pro.	Service	1
The service I got was great, everyone was extra nice and open to chat.	Service	1
Price was very reasonable for a hour.	Price	0
And their Customer Service is second to none.	Service	1
Finally, the service is top notch.	Service	1
It's priced well and the food was absolutely delicious.	Price	0
Her friendly personality and exceptional service is out of this world!	Service	1
The gift shop is very nice, and prices very reasonable for a museum store.	Price	0
Prices are pretty reasonable as well.	Price	0
Then Alan took over and the great service continued.	Service	1
Awesome store with great prices on crystals, jewelry and books!	Price	0
Excellent customer service.	Service	1
Prices were reasonable all around!	Price	0
Super attentive and friendly service.	Service	1
These guys are honest and have superior customer service.	Service	1
Great service and really interesting shop.	Service	1
The service is great and the drinks are never more than $5.	Service	1
I went to I AM Mechanics for the first time last week and I was very pleased with the service I received.	Service	1
I feel like the prices are very reasonable and the more you go, the better the deals are which is perfect for when you inevitably fall in love with the dance and decide to practically live there ;)	Price	0
Great customer service and there is always a friendly face.	Service	1
Friendly service, good prices, and I'll definitely use them again for my next auto service needs.	Service	1
The price is actually very reasonable and some of the staff member is very knowledgeable and helpful.	Price	0
I'll definitely being frequenting this place as often as my stomach allows for the great ice cream and amazing costumer service!	Service	1
Great service, they do a good job of explaining things to you and not overselling.	Service	1
The prices were reasonable and the venue was small which we liked.	Price	0
Autstanding detail service on secondary check of a preowned vehicle.	Service	1
Went for a late night Jack & Coke with friend and it was great, atmosphere was fantastic and the service was kind and willing to interact.	Service	1
The labor to redo it the way I wanted it was complimentary as a part of their excellent customer service.	Service	1
The price given to me was the best in the market.	Price	0
The bar is gorgeous and service was excellent with $5 Steamwhistle hitting the spot.	Service	1
The prices are pretty good and are about what you'd pay for a yoga\/pilates\/kickboxing class anywhere else in town.	Price	0
The food, service, and music were all superb.	Service	1
The service was quick and the servers pleasant.	Service	1
I've only had lunch here but the service is great and if you're worried about a mass of students (or getting a specific table), planning lunch after 12:30 never fails.	Service	1
I've only had great service at the Gate and it really helps that the servers are attentive regardless of customer gender, something I don't always experience in Calgary.	Service	1
The location, the service, the music, the food and the general atmosphere of The Gateway make it a fantastic place, whether you're a student or not.	Service	1
Competitive prices and high quality selection.	Price	0
Prices are lower than the larger theaters.	Price	0
Their prices are reasonable and they have a great selection of cards.	Price	0
The prices are great and the final product is spectacular!	Price	0
If you want a great quality tattoo at awesome prices, this is where to go!	Price	0
Great wine choices,reasonable prices,cool casual vibe.	Price	0
Food amazing, fair prices especially in the Desert !	Price	0
If you win the games you can win prices such as a cup, free painting pass, etc.	Price	0
Did a great job and price was right .	Price	0
Also prices are great!	Price	0
They perform professional level concerts around the valley at an affordable price.	Price	0
The price is right and the people are perfect.	Price	0
The vintage decor and furniture for sale was really well curated, and the prices were totally reasonable.	Price	0
At the intermission you could browse a nearby gallery space, peek in a little next door shop and enjoy very reasonably priced snacks and drinks from the theater bar.	Price	0
The price has always been MORE than fair, and every discount coupon I've brought in has been honored exactly as it should have been.	Price	0
A beautiful frame and a beautiful price.	Price	0
The price was cheap.	Price	0
They do and reasonably priced.	Price	0
Prices are decent and there is snacks for purchase.	Price	0
They do serve alcohol and snacks and the prices are very reasonable.	Price	0
They make it easy to buy more tasting tickets and have water bottles available for a reasonable price.	Price	0
Very efficient, easy to work with and reasonably priced.	Price	0
And if you buy the concession stand food the prices are still good compared to a theater.	Price	0
Very reasonable price for food and drinks.	Price	0
Plenty of framing options, amazing prices, delivers your piece to you if needed, and Chamber Framer accepts credit cards and cash!	Price	0
It is worth paying full price and gets a seat that you have no customers in front of you that will block your view to the stage.	Price	0
Great prices on Sunday all day for all screens.	Price	0
Ticket prices are very affordable at $15 and under.	Price	0
Prices are good and nice pieces to look at.	Price	0
Snacks and good are also reasonably priced with a great selection there are also playgrounds for kids to play at if they get bord.	Price	0
Great tasting wines for great prices.	Price	0
Prices were fair, especially given the great quality of the work.	Price	0
Prices are reasonable and my DVD's were delivered in about a week.	Price	0
There a good priced location as well.	Price	0
Overall I would totally do this again and say give it a try to anyone that wants to party a lot for a great price!	Price	0
The staff is very friendly, the movies are great, and the prices are very good.	Price	0
Love so many of their pieces great prices also and good customer service.	Price	0
They have snacks, drinks and play time for a really cheap price.	Price	0
Their prices are great and selection of glass are top of the line.	Price	0
Prices are also very reasonable.	Price	0
It is such a good price for your kid to play for an hour and have fun	Price	0
I got a great guitar at a great price with great service.	Price	0
The tickets were reasonably priced, there's plenty of free parking and the theater is comfy with spacious seating.	Price	0
Excellent food, cheap prices, great variety, and a reminder of what makes the valley a great place to live.	Price	0
Bring the family and cool off a bit prior to a movie, don't forget that Texas Station sponsors movies for kids at amazing prices.	Price	0
I will refer him to all my friends or anyone looking for a excellent framer at great prices.	Price	0
The seats were awesome and the price was very reasonable.	Price	0
The price was to good to be true for tickets in the front row, but they worked and we had a great time.	Price	0
And the prices have a considerable range.	Price	0
The price was more than reasonable and the finished product looks like something that would cost twice as much elsewhere.	Price	0
Great price done in a timely manner!	Price	0
So far, an Awesome Customer Service Experience!	Service	1
The services offered are fantastic (I highly recommend a Reiki session with Brenda!	Service	1
Their customer service is phenomenal!	Service	1
The best service, very peaceful ambient and professional kindness.	Service	1
They have beautiful, unique furniture and excellent customer service.	Service	1
I purchased a breakfast table from this store back in early autumn Andrea was amazing with customer service.	Service	1
The service continues to be stellar!	Service	1
Super customer service & he really knows the merchandise & always makes us feel welcome.	Service	1
Good dealers, good atmosphere, good drink service.	Service	1
The service was fast and friendly.	Service	1
The service was quick as well, we were set up with our table top area in no time and our waitress kept coming over to ensure we had everything we needed.	Service	1
Incredible service and amazing staff!	Service	1
Daestinnes provided great service and was very thorough.	Service	1
Great prices, great service, great music.	Service	1
The bar service was amazing!	Service	1
The customer service is great.	Service	1
The most amazing service this organization gives to the community is they house controversial writers from other countries here in Pittsburgh.	Service	1
We have purchased a number of items from them and have had nothing but great service and have always been happy with the quality of our pieces.	Service	1
Thanks for you let service to this country service people !	Service	1
I was shown amazing customer service and they actually earned my business.	Service	1
I love this neighborhood bar great atmosphere and great service!	Service	1
Marviin provides quality service with Wisconsin friendly charm.	Service	1
Shadyside Details prices are very reasonable especially since they have top of the line equipment like carpet extractors.	Price	0
Excellent customer service and very prompt picking me up!	Service	1
Coming from working with Sean for so many years, I was very impressed at the level of communication and high customer service I received from Joe and the family.	Service	1
We were very pleasantly surprised with the care and service that we received at Express Auto Spot.	Service	1
After all was said and done, it was a very fair price for a car and he made sure we were completely happy before we left there.	Price	0
They were quick, nice, and do a good job for a fair price.	Price	0
They came and had open communication the entire time, updating us on what was happening and their prices are awesome!	Price	0
Excellent customer service.	Service	1
You get honest, hard work from these guys who are fair and have great prices.	Price	0
Great service and complementary repair.	Service	1
Plus their prices are reasonable.	Price	0
Excellent service, competitive prices - very knowledgeable.	Service	1
All in all this place does it all and is truly your one stop printing shop that is very reasonably priced.	Price	0
Their prices are reasonable and the folks are friendly.	Price	0
I drop it off and they take me to work then they pick me up when its ready.	Service	1
Service was great and quick.	Service	1
They are fairly priced, professional in their work, did everything  they agreed to do, and did everything on schedule.	Price	0
That is amazing service.	Service	1
Awesome prices and quick to the point no BS financing.	Price	0
Their prices are better than every other Mazda dealership in the city.	Price	0
The service here is great! The people are honest and friendly.	Service	1
Great service, knowledgeable parts help, even  though I didn't buy my GSXR here, they treat me like I did.	Service	1
He deserves a raise! Excellent service and our family cannot thank you enough for everything!	Service	1
From routine maintainence to identifying a problem they have only shown me the best service.	Service	1
EXCELLENT work, communication and fair price.	Price	0
They do great work at a fair price and deliver as promised.	Price	0
Paul was very helpful and discounted the services so I was able to afford both tires, rather than just one.	Service	1
Prices are reasonable and had my car done by the next day.	Price	0
Great guys that are fair with their rates and honest about what your car needs unlike other places who will upsell and flat out lie when they see a woman bringing her car in for service, they only fix what's broken, and I highly recommend them to anyone who needs an honest knowledgeable mechanic at a reasonable price.	Price	0
Super impressed with the customer service, speediness and quality of our shirts.	Service	1
I originally found this shop by requesting mechanic quotes via yelp (yea I didn't know u could do that either) Terry from Randy's Lube responded quickly to all of my messages and offered the best price.	Price	0
Great Customer Service and timly matter to get us in and out as quick as Possible.	Service	1
Awesome customer service! Long story short, I was waiting for my vehicle to arrive from another state and it took way longer than expected.	Service	1
Very reasonable prices.	Price	0
Fair price and great service.	Service	1
Friendly, expert service at reasonable rates.\nBye-bye BMW on Camelback Service Dept.	Service	1
I'm very happy with the service and price I would recommend this place!	Price	0
The prices are low & I would highly recommend this place!	Price	0
If you want good repair work, honesty and a fair price, say it with me Yelpers--\"This is the ONLY place.\"	Price	0
Best prices and the reviews with 5 stars, can't argue with that!!!	Price	0
Tony is an honest, reliable and reasonably priced mechanic.	Price	0
Price was fine and I was left a happy customer with a truck running better than it has in a long time.	Price	0
The staff is friendly, the service is fast, and the prices are affordable.	Price	0
Dan gave me a great price on my brakes and two new tires.	Price	0
Great prices, huge selection.	Price	0
Shop around...he's the most reasonably priced and honest guy I've found in the west valley.	Price	0
Fast, friendly and an amazing price! Jordan did a great job!	Price	0
Great prices & knowledge staff! I highly recommend this place to everyone.	Price	0
The prices are reasonable too.	Price	0
Thanks for the great service and great prices.\n\nI will definitely be back.	Price	0
Price is Great and he's fast.	Price	0
Service and price was exceptional.	Price	0
All done for a very reasonable price.	Price	0
The price & service were fantastic.	Price	0
The price they gave me was reasonable.	Price	0
I will only have them do the exhaust work from now on trustworthy and at a great price.	Price	0
They seem to really take pride in what they do, have the customers best interest at heart, and are very reasonablly priced.	Price	0
Plus their prices were way better than any other dealer in Madison.	Price	0
Also reasonably priced.	Price	0
The overall communication is really good, price are fair and they added a smart showroom.	Price	0
I bring it in, and always for a good price.	Price	0
The price is reasonable and the mechanics know exactly what to do.	Price	0
The price is always lower than I imagine.\nLast time, the steering wheel was shaking, I thought there were a lot of problems.	Price	0
In all cases, I asked for just the best price they could offer, no haggling.	Price	0
Best of all, best prices on any job.	Price	0
Price was right and gave me some honest advice.	Price	0
The price was reasonable and my car was returned cleaned inside and out!!! I would recommend Dale's to anyone.	Price	0
Their prices are so much better than the dealerships and my cars have always been fixed the first time.	Price	0
Very fair price and immediate service.	Price	0
He charges a fair price for work done.	Price	0
This is a very professional operation and reasonable prices.	Price	0
Highly recommended, I brought my boat here for engine repair and a tune up, the service was fast, friendly and reasonably priced.	Price	0
The prices on parts and labor were very reasonable and the best part was the customer service.	Price	0
Fred did a nice job on my car and charged a fair price.	Price	0
Great service, great price, great work.	Price	0
Best prices and fast!	Price	0
Very professional staff, fast service and reasonably priced.	Price	0
Great, trustworthy place to get your car fixed at a very reasonable price.	Price	0
Called around and they also had the best price for what I needed done.	Price	0
they have a great selection of cars at great prices thank you Sunrise Auto Sales for helping me and my friend get in a vehicle.	Price	0
Not to mention the awesome price!	Price	0
Reasonably priced mechanic I'd recommend.	Price	0
One of the best prices in town and went above and beyond expectations for a repair.	Price	0
Great service, communication and price.	Price	0
His prices that he quoted were very reasonable.	Price	0
Great trailers, Great prices, Great service.	Price	0
They offer car services at a great price!	Price	0
Its hard to find a mechanic you'll trust but I lucked out and had to let it be known the great service I got at an awesome price.	Price	0
I received great service that was honest, fast, and at a good price.	Price	0
Mike was honest about the process, and the price was fair.	Price	0
Thank you for being so personable and having the best prices in town!!!	Price	0
The repairs were done quickly and at a great price.	Price	0
This place is fast, honest, reliable, and a great price! I would recommend everyone goes here; it's hard to find this in Las Vegas, I'm glad I did!	Price	0
The prices are reasonable and Dale even fixed another door issue I had a month later that I wasn't sure was caused by the repair.	Price	0
Fantastic!  Great service, friendly staff and exceptional prices.	Price	0
Gives a reasonable price and charges to any services for my car.	Price	0
Great customer service, great price, and next day service!	Price	0
Quality work at a fair price - hard to find these days.	Price	0
Hector had one tire in the size I needed and gave it to me for a good price.	Price	0
Excellent customer service with reasonable prices in a prompt comfortable environment! What else could I ask for?	Price	0
The staff are very friendly and I like that their prices are very reasonable.	Price	0
He did it at a great price with great service.	Price	0
They are very knowledgeable at what they do and their prices are tough to beat.	Price	0
Always at a great price.	Price	0
Prices are always the lowest, I've recommendeded several people and they can all say the same!!	Price	0
Thx for your friendly service and more than fair prices.	Price	0
Good prices, great work! If you are looking for someone to make your ride perfect, Sean is your guy!!	Price	0
Come look at these cars.Just got my brother the car he wants at a great price.	Price	0
His prices are very reasonable and he's a professional.	Price	0
When I received my quote I was surprised that Safelite was the best price, even when compared against all the local guys.	Price	0
They've always given me the best prices around, and the highest quality of service.	Price	0
On top of that, he gave me an amazing price on tires!	Price	0
His prices are always reasonable and he is extremely thorough at explaining what is going on with my wheels while providing great prevention advice as well.	Price	0
Outstanding service and quality work at a great price.	Price	0
The prices were fair and the work was prompt.	Price	0
The order was filled very fast, food awesome and very reasonable prices.	Price	0
Service has always been top notch at a fair price especially if you don't want to bother raising your premiums for minor or self inflicted dings to your vehicle.	Price	0
They tell you upfront how much it will be and they even shop around to get you the best price possible.	Price	0
Nice selection of quality pre owned vehicles at reasonable prices.	Price	0
Quick, convenient, fast reliable service!	Service	1
Bast  of the bast finally recommend it good service and very good price  honest people	Service	1
I have never experienced such awesome customer service.	Service	1
I am very pleased with their services both times.	Service	1
These guys here are Great customer service Tops Especially Rick if you have truck needs go here.	Service	1
i have found my auto mechanic for all my vehicles friendly fast and affordable service 5 star and more.	Service	1
Excellent customer service brought to you by Oscar .	Service	1
Best prices, best customer service.	Service	1
They were all great but Joey really did a great job fixing it for me excellent customer service!!	Service	1
We spoke today and he offered me excellent services with prices.	Service	1
Conveniently located, prompt and courteous service.	Service	1
quick service and fair price for snow tires\/oil change.	Service	1
Very fast and professional service.	Service	1
It took me longer to wait for traffic for a U-turn than it took them to perform the service.	Service	1
We've taken our cars there for a while now, and we always get great service.	Service	1
In the end, it's just a place to store your things, but the service and price was great! Great customer service!	Service	1
Their service was fast and efficient.	Service	1
The best customer service experience ever!	Service	1
Excellent service and honest which is a first from an automotive shop in Vegas.	Service	1
Great service, honest evaluation, and he is willing to tell you the truth.	Service	1
I recommend them to any and everyone! They have EXCELLENT customer service	Service	1
The service my family and I received was fantastic.	Service	1
My daughter has used the shop as well and was very satisfied with their service.	Service	1
Magnificent service, I recently bought brand new car for the first time , and to make sure that it will be in the best condition for a long time I turned to Smart Shield to protect paint on my vehicle , Jonathan explained in great detail my options and walked me through the whole process.	Service	1
There was a little bit of a challenge with the truck I rented, David at this location jumped in and helped me get it taken care of with world-class customer service.	Service	1
By far the best service I've ever experienced at an auto shop.	Service	1
Great people and awesome service.	Service	1
The finance manager Ryan provided me with exceptional customer service.	Service	1
This is the best place to go for auto repair & amazing customer service.	Service	1
Sweet! And here I am typing my review in the parking lot before I drive away because I am just that impressed with the wash and level of service.	Service	1
Amazing customer service & they did a great job replacing my windshield!	Service	1
They're knowledgeable, friendly and provide excellent service at a fair price, highly recommended!	Service	1
Wright's customer service was great.	Service	1
I highly recommend taking your car here, excellent and quick service!!	Service	1
Very helpful, friendly, quick service and reasonably priced.	Service	1
Great service at a great price.	Service	1
Excellent Service!!!	Service	1
But until then I Must say Buying a vehicle could NOT be any easier, and the service any Better.	Service	1
All around great service, great prices with an extremely knowledgeable and friendly staff!	Service	1
I feel confident with the high quality of service I receive each time I have needed to bring her in.	Service	1
Awesome Staff, awesome service from Nestor hands down his amazing and beyond helpful.	Service	1
Customer service rep was excellent, and handled the claim with my insurance company very efficiently.	Service	1
The service itself was quick and done correctly- they even checked my tires and filled them up for me.	Service	1
I recently purchased a 2016 bmw ! I am in love with my car best service provided by far.	Service	1
Both their fuel and service are top-notch.	Service	1
Best car cleaning service and customer service!	Service	1
These guys are great at customer service.	Service	1
Went in today for my 2019 Nissan Sentra s and great service!	Service	1
The service department was helpful and worked hard to make me happy.	Service	1
I have to say we experienced probably the best customer service I've had in a very long time.	Service	1
amazing quality and customer service.	Service	1
Excellent service.	Service	1
Great service, prompt diagnosis and to top it all Owner Chris and GM Ryan are the best in my books.	Service	1
His service is priced fairly.	Service	1
Best car buying experience of my life; Dan Wickman changed my views on car salesman	Service	1
Best mechanic in town! Quick reliable service when you need.	Service	1
Best service I have ever had at a repair shop.	Service	1
The service is very quick and the prices are the best.	Service	1
Service department is awesome!	Service	1
Professional, honest and timely service appointment.	Service	1
A big thanks to Harry Orlowski for changing my battery and walking me through on how to properly maintain it! Great service	Service	1
Outstanding customer service.	Service	1
Very professional and accurate service.	Service	1
Thank you so much for the superior service!	Service	1
Great Service!	Service	1
Great customer service mr.	Service	1
What amazing service! And great pricing too because I walked out the door with a brand new battery and new warranty for $50.	Service	1
Excellent service and staff.	Service	1
No pressure sales excellent customer service and it helps that the prices are better than the competition down the street in everything from bikes to helmets.	Service	1
Excellent service, excellent  prices.	Service	1
Wonderful customer service every time my husband and I come in they offer expert advice and helpful tips!	Service	1
Very impressed with their level of service.	Service	1
Friendly, professional and fast service.	Service	1
Great service, great prices, and quality work on my diesel truck.	Service	1
Best Customer service is what I get every time I come to this shop.	Service	1
Thank GOD for Anthony's towing and their impeccable prices and prompt and excellent service!	Service	1
This was great service at a great price.	Service	1
Thanks Cameron for all of your professional help and service.	Service	1
reasonably priced and also amazing customer service, I always will bring my vehicles here.	Service	1
Excellent Service and Reasonable Prices!	Service	1
The owner goes to great lengths to get the highest quality beans he can find and it shows in each cup they brew.	Food	2
They roast the beans on site and take great care with each batch.	Service	1
The cafe itself is cute but the patio is very special.	Food	2
All of the employees are so nice and they are quick to get you your drink.	Service	1
I think they have the best fresh meat selection in Pittsburgh and its all available at very reasonable prices.	Food	2
I think they have the best fresh meat selection in Pittsburgh and its all available at very reasonable prices.	Price	0
The pizza was unbelievable, I think this might have been one of the best crusts I have ever had.	Food	2
The food was very different from any other taco truck, and different in a really good way.	Food	2
Everything looked brand new and clean, the team was smiling and seemed to enjoy their work. 	Service	1
The drinks come out fast, have yet to be made incorrectly, and the staff is always friendly, courteous, and helpful.	Service	1
Great sandwiches and pastries made on site for very reasonable prices.	Food	2
Great sandwiches and pastries made on site for very reasonable prices.	Price	0
Meats perfectly seasoned and cooked over charcoal, nice ambiance and the owner lady (? I think) is absolutely lovely.	Food	2
Friendly service and delicious breads!  	Service	1
In love with the food at this place, my wife and I could eat here for days on end!	Food	2
High quality ingredients prepare perfectly.	Food	2
Very reliable, great food, excellent service.	Food	2
Their chipotle and hot wings are exceptionally delicious and I didn't expect that the first time I ordered them.	Food	2
The seafood buffet at the Mresort is real good .	Food	2
With everything from fresh produce, cheese, natural foods, free-trade organic coffee and an entire health & body care department, Blush Lane truly is a gem of a store.	Food	2
Stumbled in here for brunch at TIFF- great healthy food and good service!	Food	2
Been here a few times, great food and menu. The service was good, however the 2 beers I requested they were out of stock.	Food	2
The most delicious food in Toronto.	Food	2
I love coming here because I able to make many of my comfort foods.	Food	2
Low on atmosphere, very friendly staff and delicious food. 	Food	2
Had an assiette merguez which was scrumptious.	Food	2
Even though this place is small, the service and food was stupendous.	Food	2
The crust is thin and crunchy, the cheese is fresh, and if you get the garlic and spinach sauce, it really adds a kick.	Food	2
Great bread, great hot table featuring great food every day. Nice people to serve you. A nice family run bakery.	Food	2
As others have said their Hot Food bar is very good and its great for me to take food into work, salad bar is very good as well as is their soup bar.	Food	2
This place the food is amazing and the service really great.	Food	2
I absolutely loved prepared food.	Food	2
The fresh food is really fresh.	Food	2
This is one of my favorite Food Lion's to go to, it's clean with plenty of cashiers to check you out!	Food	2
Really good home made food .	Food	2
Very clean, friendly people working there, the food was hot, fresh, and very good!	Food	2
Their flavored tortilla were definitely a nice touch! Highly recommend tracking this food truck down and trying it!	Food	2
The food made at the little restaurant is the best.	Food	2
The food was so delicious, cooked and spiced to perfection. 	Food	2
If I had to choose between whole foods and organic garage, this place gets my vote!	Food	2
The food is amazing as well!.	Food	2
Amazing quality foods and selection.	Food	2
The food is unique and flavourful, and the service is impeccable!	Food	2
The food is prepared in house and is always fresh.	Food	2
Great soups, salads and cakes and more.	Food	2
We go out for breakfast only occasionally, so it's kind of a big deal to get some good food.	Food	2
All the food was fresh and presented in a very appealing manner.	Food	2
The food, including the hot food and baked goods, are all delicious.	Food	2
I got to try the mackerel and it was good and crispy.	Food	2
One of my favorite places for breakfast or lunch in a city famous for its food!	Food	2
They have a nice bakery and a wonderful hot food section with a cafe to sit in.	Food	2
The staff was very friendly and the food was great considering that we're pretty spoiled with Chinese restaurants back home.	Food	2
Their noodle soups are amazing.	Food	2
My husband, a chef, and I love trying new Vietnamese foods but I have to say this is the best we've found yet in Phoenix.	Food	2
This place has always provided great customer service and even better food!!	Food	2
From their burgers, to their pizza, to their calamari--delicious!	Food	2
The tea quality here at Nos Thes is by far one of the best in any tea shops.	Food	2
The food is so good!	Food	2
Food is great.	Food	2
The beans are amazing.	Food	2
The seafood is the freshest in Charlotte.	Food	2
Great hot foods with unique specials like pierogies.	Food	2
Hooked on Hummus, that's what my family tells me, I have craving for their Hummus, the rest of the food is great, but the hummus is like no other, it's fabulous!	Food	2
It had a lot of food in it which I love when it comes to soup.	Food	2
Delicious, food porn-worthy sweet treats with personality?	Food	2
Great service and absolutely fresh meats, goat meat, pork, chicken, seafood, all kinds of beef (feet, skin, tripe).	Food	2
Food looked excellent and delicious, though we didn't enjoy anything but coffee drinks.	Food	2
Their food is delicious and their staff are super friendly.	Food	2
I order lunch for the office at least once a month and everyone loves the food.	Food	2
Had the Grillin' Chicken Club (SO GOOD WITH THE MUSTARD!!) and spicy Mac 'N' cheese.	Food	2
Weird location for sure signage not good but very nice people and excellent fresh healthy food.	Food	2
The beer was good, order a full flight to try it all.	Food	2
Wow! Some of the best German food we have had since visiting Munich.	Food	2
Its a small place and doesn't look like much, but the food is very good; always get the Singapore noodles, which are very tasty; the hungry man specials is great for $10 includes a drink, chicken balls, fried rice, etc;	Food	2
This food truck is delicious! They have homemade flavored tortillas. I have never had anything like it! So good!!	Food	2
The food and drink is amazing.	Food	2
Salted Caramel Shake! Here they are good food too.	Food	2
The delivery was on time, and the food was hot.	Food	2
The best international food ever.	Food	2
Cold cuts and sausages, cheeses and nuts,  olives and breads, pastries and crêpes, fish and seafood,  the best butcher counter (Kefta, souvlaki and filet mignon are a must).	Food	2
Salads and dips, and my favorite of all	Food	2
They also have a great selection of produce and refrigerated and frozen foods.	Food	2
Their food is outstanding and the customer service is exceptional.	Food	2
Track this food truck down for wonderful food!	Food	2
I have had them a few times and am still in love with the food.	Food	2
I also love this food truck!	Food	2
The kitchen is spotless and the food is fresh.	Food	2
I love this place. Fresh and tasty.	Food	2
And my food always taste fresh.	Food	2
Otherwise, go to the Urban Bulk Emporium and support local small businesses, get great quality food at reasonable prices, and get great customer service to boot.	Food	2
So many changes for the better, more international food items like frozen durian, frozen jackfruit, aged beef, new bakery, new deli, new curry bar, coffee roasted on site and made fresh, salad bar, pizza, entrees to go.	Food	2
Best food court option in the Pickering Mall.	Food	2
This is probably my favorite Grocery store they always have good food and cigars always have some offers all types of cigars and cigarettes.	Food	2
Great food.  Very generous portions.	Food	2
Consistent food, love the potatoes with breakfast special and the service is fantastic.	Food	2
The quality of the food they serve is good and the cleanliness and service were also good.	Food	2
High quality food at reasonable prices.	Food	2
The free wi-go is awesome I use it a lot, and the All American food is made locally and sourced locally so it's All American.	Food	2
The food is very tasty.	Food	2
The owners are so nice, its immaculate, great selection of foods, nostalgic, an assest to a struggling neighborhood.	Food	2
The food is always fresh and delicious!	Food	2
Great healthy food.	Food	2
The food is freshly made by Olivia and the ingredients she uses are good.	Food	2
Amazing fresh seafood with an always great selection.	Food	2
I love the recent addition of local spices, sauces, pasta and meats.  	Food	2
In addition to the normal great selections, their Taco Tuesday special is awesome with all the makings for mahi-mahi fish tacos.	Food	2
Great food I had the yogurt with fruit it was awesome great variety of food from healthy to sweet this place is the best.	Food	2
Prices were great when compared to online companies.	Price	0
Incredibly good pastries, no joke. Good coffee and great prices too.	Price	0
Organic Garage continues to have the very best prices for Organic Produce all year round! 	Price	0
The prices are low and the tax is included in the price tag, but the best reason to shop here is Sam.	Price	0
Reasonably priced supplements, large selection, and products others don't carry.	Price	0
Tnis can truly do no wrong,  on top of low prices they have.	Price	0
They also have a great selection of produce and refrigerated and frozen foods.	Food	2
Their food is outstanding and the customer service is exceptional.	Food	2
Track this food truck down for wonderful food!	Food	2
Food was very fresh, especially the vegetables.	Food	2
Great food and very nice owners.	Food	2
Hot and sour soup is best in whole area.	Food	2
There food is always consistent and fresh.	Food	2
My favorite course might have been the purple carrot cake with goat cheese, ground cherries, candied walnuts, and dandelion jelly.	Food	2
The beef cheek with wheat berry risotto and celery root puree was also crazy good. 	Food	2
Some of the best chinese food I have had.	Food	2
In town for business and we ordered combination plate ( chicken balls, chop suey and rice ) was so delicious.	Food	2
They make such creative dishes which complement all the other great food trucks around for an amazing dessert.	Food	2
Delicious food, incredibly huge portions, and the owner is really nice and caring.	Food	2
The prices at Lakshmi are quite reasonable, especially compared to what some of the exact same products are being sold for at the big box stores.	Price	0
Low prices are also a great incentive for trying new products and experimenting in the kitchen.	Price	0
They have quite good number of itmes, and their price is good.	Price	0
Every time I go to this donut shop on Brownsville and i am ALWAYS greeted with a inviting smile and great conversation everyone there is always so nice and the donuts and coffee are EXCELLENT the prices are perfect.	Price	0
I think the prices are cheap for the amount of food you get.	Price	0
Everything was delicious and reasonably priced.	Price	0
The prices are pretty reasonable as well.	Price	0
It's a big meal for a very good price ($10) and it always has me happy and full at the end.	Price	0
Nothing fancy, service is good, prices are good and food is great.	Price	0
The prices were awesome too!	Price	0
This store must be privately owned because they seem to cater to an Italian populated area with lots of fresh and dried olives, dried fruits, etc. accepts the pump perks cards to lower prices on specials and to get money off gas at CoGos.	Price	0
The employees are friendly and offer flavor suggestions of you are stumped. Prices are super cheap and this sweet treat is perfect for the hot summer weather.	Price	0
Prices are fair and the portions are pretty big, I could split a medium with a friend.	Price	0
I usually get the 100 count and its reasonably priced.	Price	0
Prices for things like giant frozen shrimp are probably the lowest I've seen anywhere.	Price	0
Prices range from $5.99 - $23.99 per 50g, fairly reasonable.	Price	0
The prices are totally reasonable, especially considering the slightly more labour intensive approach they take.	Price	0
I'm sold, great food at a decent price.	Price	0
The prices here is much better then other smith's as well.	Price	0
And very reasonable prices compared to other locals.	Price	0
Prices are more than fair for the great quality.	Price	0
They were fun, engaged the crowd and play all of our musical requests and used their experience to keep the dance floor packed all evening. Seeing my mom and dad dancing it up was priceless.	Price	0
The prices here are not expensive at all.	Price	0
Delicious treats, great staff, affordable prices.	Price	0
Prices were on the money if not cheaper than places I'd compared them with (In fact, Bob's Mill products are almost $2 less a bag than Loblaws across the street!).	Price	0
Health Palace is my go to source and has the best prices.	Price	0
Great prices and selection.	Price	0
This little Armenian café deserves 5 stars for the price, service and the amazing decoration of the place.	Price	0
The buffalo wings are delicious and a good value for the price of ten dollars a pound.	Price	0
This is my local spot to grab a coffee, and for a great price !	Price	0
What makes this place so great? Lots of organic options at incredibly inexpensive prices.	Price	0
The price also very reasonable comparing to other alternatives. 	Price	0
The event planning and vendor cost were fair and reasonable, and I had no surprises.	Price	0
Prices are very good and service is excellent.  	Price	0
Best Indian store in Charlotte! Great prices, and good customer service. Nice, clean store and convenient parking.	Price	0
Amazing meat at a great price and their veggies and fruit are always fresh!	Price	0
Also she gave me a great price for the tattoo (three arrows on my spine), better than what most other areas are offering.	Price	0
The ingredients are good quality,  like the cheese for example, it is amazing and you can't beat the price!	Price	0
Prices are unbeattable !	Price	0
The prices are all extremely reasonable - I had a BLT bagel sandwich, which was under $4 and freshly made. 	Price	0
Their prices are ridiculously low (make sure you bring cash!!). 	Price	0
the prices are really good for their pizza its not over priced like other pizza places	Price	0
The fries are great as are the prices.	Price	0
The staff is really friendly and helpful and the prices are good.	Price	0
Good product and fair prices.	Price	0
In addition the price for all of this was so cheap that I had to ask the delivery person to repeat himself to make sure I had heard him correctly.	Price	0
Since the lunch price is so reasonable we also got a Mongolian Beef to share. 	Price	0
I was so impressed with the selections in this store and found their prices to be comparable to other local stores.	Price	0
Breakfast menu prices were really good too.	Price	0
Amazing prices for good food.	Price	0
They have a great floral department, lots of bouquets and arrangements and the prices are very reasonable.	Price	0
Very fair prices and the owner is always onsite to offer helpful service.  	Price	0
Pricing is very reasonable for how Asian markets typically price groceries.  	Price	0
Usually cheaper than your typical Metro, Maxi, IGA, Super C.	Price	0
There are a lot of fresh, quality  produce options,  organic section, and lots of household needs at great prices.	Price	0
Their prices are very reasonable and we bought fresh fruit for less than half what our previous market on Pearl Road charged when we stopped there earlier in the day.	Price	0
Portion size is big so the price is worth it. 	Price	0
But then again the price was just right!	Price	0
Lots of coffee flavors and a pretty good price on gas.	Price	0
Keep an eye out around Father's Day when they come out with their Man Cave Steaks for a great price.	Price	0
They have a whole section for kitchen essentials, pet stuff, medications (wish I knew about this place when I was sick a couple months ago) and even though their prices are crazy cheap they have a clearance section too!	Price	0
Convenience with a smile, all my prescriptions are here and the new Theranos  lab is very well priced and friendly.	Price	0
Beautiful cupcakes and they were reasonably priced.	Price	0
Food is like my grandmas homemade. Price is great but they only take cash.	Price	0
Prices are excellent considering the portion sizes. 	Price	0
Maxi has excellent prices for many items, including low prices for bulk items. 	Price	0
Very friendly staff, reasonable prices on cigars, quality assortment of liquor and an impressive selection of draft beer.	Price	0
The environment is relaxing and it offers a great selection of coffee, tea, beer and good at a reasonable price.	Price	0
Raise the Root has great prices, fresh produce, particularly delicious apples, and good vibes.	Price	0
Great food at good prices, most of the entrees are in the $7.95 to $11.95 range.	Price	0
Find me a place with such a wonderful variety of fair-trade beans at such a low price.	Price	0
The selection is unique and the prices are extremely reasonable.	Price	0
Giant Eagle but this is well worth the price and you get what you pay for.	Price	0
I was very impressed with the quality, prices and the cleanliness!	Price	0
The price is perfect.	Price	0
They have an excellent selection, including many Sugar Free varieties (which I prefer), their portions are very generous and reasonably priced, and they refer to it as Shave Ice (not Shaved Ice or Sno Cones).	Price	0
The arrangements were reasonably priced.	Price	0
We have not broken into anything but the cherries, they are spectacular and worth the price we paid!	Price	0
It's really good, great selection and reasonably priced.	Price	0
The prices are even cheaper than Chinatown supermarkets, though they carry lots of things that you simply can't get anywhere else.	Price	0
Everyone was nice and everything was really well priced in both the store and cafe .	Price	0
Highly recomend as they sell great stuff at a reasonable price to match.	Price	0
Homesick expats and curious foodies alike satisfy their cravings for Kalle's Kaviar, Milka chocolate, spaetzle or salty liquorice at amazingly affordable prices.	Price	0
Fresh meats that look the way they're supposed to, Gerber's chicken at a great (not Heinen's) price, good variety of prepared foods and local jarred\/ canned\/ frozen goodness.	Price	0
Very nice owner, great service, cheap prices.	Price	0
Prices weren't outa the roof.	Price	0
Cost was fine.	Price	0
Their smoothies are really good and cost less than $6.	Price	0
High quality wines with perfect prices.	Price	0
Coffee was on point and cookies were rather large and priced right!	Price	0
Great service, affordable prices, and always delicious food, why not choose T.G.I. Friday's?	Price	0
Their 3 layer mousse pastry is amazing and so are their biscuits. Literally everything on their menu is priced very reasonably .	Price	0
The service is friendly and fast.	Service	1
I highly recommend this place for anyone looking for a good beer selection with friendly service.	Service	1
The service is splendid and they are lovely people.	Service	1
It was very quick service they were really nice and they got my order perfectly. 	Service	1
With the same great service and products you may have encountered at their booth inside The Calgary Farmers' Market, Blush Lane is the perfect extension of the experience we've come to love.	Service	1
Stumbled in here for brunch at TIFF- great healthy food and good service!	Service	1
They genuinely care about their customers, have excellent conversation and customer service skills, and make a pretty mean shake if you know what I'm saying.	Service	1
Great stuff an great service.	Service	1
Good customer services, Fast serve drinks.	Service	1
Even though this place is small, the service and food was stupendous.	Service	1
luvvvvv this place the food is amazing and the service really great. 	Service	1
Great and friendly service, too!	Service	1
This mom and pop shop offers service with a smile and were very pleasent.	Service	1
They treat the customers with respect and have very good service.	Service	1
Service was quick and staff were friendly.	Service	1
Let's support a shop that is really making an effort to give great service, great surroundings and great products!!	Service	1
Great costumer service always super clean .	Service	1
Best tasting sweets and great service.	Service	1
Best service you could find in QuikTrip.	Service	1
They truly do have the best customer service and product, Amin is great to work with.	Service	1
The service was also great.	Service	1
The service is exelent, you can get samples from some of the pastries.	Service	1
Prices are very affordable and service is Great !	Service	1
The inside decorations are a little outdated and could use some freshening up but it doesn't take away from the quality of the food and the great service. 	Service	1
Had a great service experience here!	Service	1
There was one barista working today that was particulary friendly and we chatted about our fave mix and match drinks!\nvery impressed with the service here!	Service	1
Staff is friendly great customer service.	Service	1
It's always been clean and the service has always been on point.	Service	1
They have amazing customer service an treated me with respect even tho I came crawling in with no shoes an puffy eyes on a Sunday Hung over needing some pho to help my hang over. 	Service	1
There is no one harder working, dedicated to customer service and all around great person.	Service	1
The service is fast and efficient, well worth the extra price (compared to Tim Hortons, where it's often slow and heartless). 	Service	1
The service is awesome and even though I don't give a lot of notice when I need something, they always come through for me!	Service	1
Love the customer service, the best sandwiches and the fastest service without sacrificing taste!	Service	1
Friendly, helpful service and lots of parking.	Service	1
Peek a Boo Bakery has great service and easy to work with, just tell them your vision and she brings it to life !!	Service	1
The service was fast and they all worked together.	Service	1
great service! Had lunch their and was absolutely amazing.	Service	1
The service is magnificent and the owner, Henry, is the nicest of the nicest.	Service	1
Very friendly service, great meat selection and always have doritos and tortillas on sale. Great selection overall.	Service	1
I forgot to write this review weeks ago but since trying this service I have additionally tried two other similar services available in town and they have all been pretty good. 	Service	1
The 2nd service was also called meal prep (had a remarkably similar name in other words ) and had a great automated website but was otherwise very impersonal and the meals seemed like they have been merely assembled from somewhere .	Service	1
Service was polite and helpful.	Service	1
I worked in the field of customer service for several years in the past and I can say with certainty that his service was one of the top 10 best experiences I had in a store.	Service	1
She had us laughing and provided great customer service.	Service	1
I always have had great service at this location.	Service	1
Great food great service I would recommend this place to anyone.	Service	1
I have enjoyed Starbucks services in Toronto, Ottawa and Montreal, I have been to at least 10 different outlets altogether.	Service	1
Service was quick with wonderful ambience of the cafe.	Service	1
The owners are very warm.	Service	1
Without Laura and her willingness to provide excellent service  my daughter would not have a wedding cake on this special day.	Service	1
Great quality, unique tasting blends, amazing services!	Service	1
The food is and the service is better.	Service	1
Good friendly service.	Service	1
Fast and easy and ready to eat.	Service	1
The service was the best.	Service	1
Great food, great service, great experience.	Service	1
The service is always friendly and personal and always comes with a smile from her many young helpers.	Service	1
Absolutely the best carne I've ever had and the service is great also.	Service	1
Robeks always has the best service!	Service	1
Anyway the pizza pizza is awesome and the service is excellent and friendly and fast and it's cheap.	Service	1
Five star review because the customer service is amazing here.	Service	1
YoFruitty gets 5 stars in my book. Awesome flavors, friendly service, and just can't be beat with those other competitors.	Service	1
Best drinks and fast service and lovely faces.	Service	1
The owners were so friendly I had to write a review.	Service	1
Thrilled with the customer service front line manager!	Service	1
Honestly, this front line manager made the difference by going above and beyond to ensure customer service and satisfaction.	Service	1
Very impressed with this service and many people will be benefiting from this transaction.	Service	1
Nice store, always clean and good customer service.	Service	1
Finally a full service Tim Horton's that I can now go to and have a double double in a China mug while just relaxing in the environment is what I have been waiting since the beginning of December.	Service	1
I am a weekly visitor to this little fruit and veg store. Given the price of fresh produce in the city this place is definitely worth a trip. Good quality, variation and very friendly service.	Service	1
This place has the best cookies and customer service!	Service	1
Their staff is so nice and accommodating.	Service	1
Superior product and excellent service.	Service	1
Friendly service  by this Romanian lady.	Service	1
This quaint cafe with friendly service was a bright & fresh stop to end our day.	Service	1
Overall, the customer service was great and I will definitely order from her again!	Service	1
The service is good and they don't charge for their bags either.	Service	1
Amazing staff, great quality and perfect service.	Service	1
Staff were friendly and cheery.	Service	1
It is rare these days to find companies that will be so focused on welcoming their clients in a warm matter.	Service	1
The service is impeccable.	Service	1
The service is always awesome and I love that you can buy huge tins and just bring them to get refilled!	Service	1
Prices are a bit higher than Marc's but cheaper than Giant Eagle, Heinen's, Whole Foods, etc. and the level of service is fantastic.	Service	1
I came here with a client today and service was friendly and warm, made me happy when they asked if we had been there before and if we wanted the menu explained.	Service	1
The staff\/service was very friendly, and the drinks were delicious and fairly priced!	Service	1
Service was very kind, both owners were knowledgeable and willing to share their ingredients and had a clear passion that'll definitely have me coming back.	Service	1
The customer service did not disappoint.	Service	1
Quick drive thru service and they are always friendly!	Service	1
The service and quality are amazing!!!!	Service	1
It's always been fast with friendly service, even in bad weather.	Service	1
I've been three times and had really good service all three.	Service	1
Lots of flavors and excellent customer service.	Service	1
Friendly cashiers and great customer service (once an employee checked the freezers in the back of the store and found a product that I was looking for that was not out in the general freezer location) make this my favorite Rabba location in the area.	Service	1
Service is great and the food is always prepared quickly.	Service	1
The service definitely was not nearly as good as this Quail Corners location and they didn't have the Peanut Butter Cup flavor, I was devastated!	Service	1
Their service is unparalelled to anyone else there.	Service	1
It's worth the drive if you want to learn more about tea and if you appreciate truly nice customer service.	Service	1
This is my favorite convenience store to go to by far! Exceptional customer service, the main owner is super cool and always give the best deals!	Service	1
Very friendly service and everything is homemade on the premises.	Service	1
The store is clean and most important of all great service.	Service	1
If you want the greatest customer service and most knowledgable person, ask for Marcus!	Service	1
very helpful and does excellent repair work at very affordable prices.	Price	0
I am (im)patiently waiting for my new and improved ring in the mail (will update with a photo), but could not be happier with the quality and service received at Schubach.	Service	1
Great prices and beautiful dresses.	Price	0
Their furnishings are true works of art, and their pieces are reasonably priced considering the high level of quality in which each is crafted.	Price	0
Great prices on western and workwear.	Price	0
\n\nVery good customer service over the phone and in person.	Service	1
Excellent customer service, Amazing selection of pipes and vapes, and compared to prices in Atlanta, the prices here are great because there is something for almost everyone, cost wise which made the pleasant experience even better	Service	1
Excellent customer service, Amazing selection of pipes and vapes, and compared to prices in Atlanta, the prices here are great because there is something for almost everyone, cost wise which made the pleasant experience even better	Price	0
The ring, the design, the quality and the personal service are all amazing.	Service	1
Good prices, their house line is surprisingly decent, id recommend the pomberry.	Price	0
I had two rings re-sized here and they gave me a very reasonable price.	Price	0
I was super pleased by the level of service she received there.	Service	1
A prescription that was priced out at $132 at my local veterinarian's was filled for $25 here.	Price	0
Amazing skills and one on one service.	Service	1
Her prices cannot be beat for good quality lash extensions.	Price	0
High end shop with moderate prices!, As good as it gets!	Price	0
This boutique owners, Ido (pronounced 'E-doh') and his wife Ronit (pronounced 'Rone-neat'), are wonderful people, honest dealing, and provide such excellent service that you build a life-long relationship with them for all your jewelry needs compared to a typical transaction\/negotiation.	Service	1
It's a concierge service model rather than a shark tank in your standard shopping center jewelry store with a cars-dealer type of salespeople.	Service	1
Our friend even shopped around town at a few places and researched the value online and told us that it's an unbeatable price for the quality.	Price	0
They couldn't believe the price for the quality of the stones, I hope this is helpful to you if you're trying to find a trustworthy, high quality, and best value jewelry for a purchase!	Price	0
Great company great service perfect jewelry thank you	Service	1
The prices are VERY reasonable and they literally have a little bit of everything, from high end designer pieces to knock offs that will give you pause.	Price	0
Posterjack offers a great product and exceptional customer service.	Service	1
It's definitely a diamond in the rough, the plaza and the store front aren't fantastic but she had a pretty big selection and the customer service was amazing.	Service	1
Price was exactly what was quoted (basically shop minimum ) and I got one word 3 inches long on the inside of my arm.	Price	0
I actually tried another business called Southland Prestige Alterations in hope that I might find someone good at a better price.	Price	0
Very friendly staff and excellent service.	Service	1
I would highly recommend him and his services.	Service	1
Some of the best cigars I've ever had at an awesome price.	Price	0
LOVE this store and its great service!	Service	1
The customer service was absolutely amazing they did a great job of making her feel catered to.	Service	1
Great customer service both times we've gone in to pickup our items.	Service	1
Overall, good place with good prices.	Price	0
Great quality items at great prices.	Price	0
Great service and prices, so highly recommend!	Service	1
Great service and prices, so highly recommend!	Price	0
Love the store and quality, but what always stands out, is the great customer service.	Service	1
The customer service was so helpful and located my serial number and they assured me I could send it in even though it is not under warranty no problem.	Service	1
As far as their Rx services go, I've experienced nothing less than incredibly fantastic and personalized customer service, over and beyond anything I've ever experienced at any Pharmacy, ever before.	Service	1
Vape Inn has a great selection of products, top notch customer service and excellent prices.	Service	1
Vape Inn has a great selection of products, top notch customer service and excellent prices.	Price	0
Petite , overload with latest trends prices great love it	Price	0
The service was top notch, except one of the salesgirls, while very nice, would open my dressing room curtain unannounced to look at what I was trying on.	Service	1
Absolutely fantastic service! I tabbed Lain of GoTech to do a custom computer build, a hackintosh no less.	Service	1
Mike was over the top helpful and the service was next to none! We bought our Hot Tub wholesale through Mike and LV Hot Tubs which saved us thousands.	Service	1
Amazingly, he listened to our answers! We test drove several mattresses, even those out of our price range, just to be sure the one we wanted was the best for us.	Price	0
I love this service, a client had referred me and i havent been disappointed yet.	Service	1
The customer service here was top notch.	Service	1
I thought that was a pretty good price.\nFair price.	Price	0
They have just about everything you need for repairs around the house and provide great service as well as good prices.From faucet to window screen repairs they always do a good job.	Service	1
They have just about everything you need for repairs around the house and provide great service as well as good prices.From faucet to window screen repairs they always do a good job.	Price	0
Their prices are very reasonable.	Price	0
I needed some scanning done and was very happy with the customer service.	Service	1
Prices are very reasonable as well.	Price	0
After we narrowed down the brand and model he offered the best price I could find for the guitar.	Price	0
The customer service and care we received today was fantastic.	Service	1
The workers had great customer service.	Service	1
Their prices are reasonable and their sales are phenomenal!	Price	0
Customer service is the absolute best! They totally rock!	Service	1
I am so pleased with my purchases through Appliance Warehouse! James was so helpful and the prices were GREAT!	Price	0
To my luck my bf LOVED the watch I picked out so he didnt have to exchange it, but I am glad I covered all my bases just in case! Thanks again for the great customer service!	Service	1
Been shopping here for many years and always come home with a bag full of treasures at really good prices!!	Price	0
Also has lots of different juice choices and juice sampling! Super fair prices.	Price	0
Custom cover and all! We both agree that the customer service here is superb.	Service	1
Love this liquor store! Best customer service and great selection! I will drive 20 -30 min to go here anytime I need something!	Service	1
Didn't get eyes checked here so I can't comment on their optician, but I did deal with two fellas here while purchasing and picking up and both were totally awesome and focused on great customer service.	Service	1
In a world of shoddy customer service the good folks at Ace Hardware in Youngston\/Sun City are a pleasant breath of fresh air.	Service	1
Thank you for this top notch customer service experience!  Definitely would recommend this pharmacy to any one!	Service	1
I paid a fair price and they held up their end, impressively at that.	Price	0
They have unique, one of a kind designs at great prices.	Price	0
The quality, craftsmanship and customer service are unparalleled.	Service	1
The service is always exceptional and the products I want are always in stock.	Service	1
I honestly only come to this location because of how great the customer service is.	Service	1
She wouldn't take no for an answer on paying his money back.\n\nThis is just amazing service, and I am now a loyal customer!	Service	1
Affordable prices for waxing and facials.	Price	0
Great customer service and great selection!	Service	1
Edgar, thank you for your fast, friendly and professional service!	Service	1
Great value and service.	Service	1
Great glass pieces at great prices, plus detox drinks (that work!) and some pretty cool swag.	Price	0
Fantastic Customer Service !  Looking forward to returning for my tennis needs.	Service	1
Had super fantastic customer service today that outshines my negative experience at the Bath and Body in PV mall.	Service	1
The customer service representatives were helpful and kind.	Service	1
I had great service at the store today.	Service	1
I have only had great customer service at this store.	Service	1
Service is top flight.	Service	1
I am completely satisfied with the level of service that was provided to me and felt very comfortable asking him for the help I needed.	Service	1
They have a very helpful and kind staff, beautiful product, and five star customer service.	Service	1
Their customer service is next level and I kind of wish I could just come hang out here whenever I'm bored.	Service	1
I have been in this locations a couple times, they have always provided excellent service.	Service	1
Corey the customer service rep took it apart at the counter, replaced a couple parts and had me out of the store in less than 20 minutes.	Service	1
They understand the importance of service	Service	1
Best prices in the valley.	Price	0
His knowledge made me very comfortable and I would highly recommend his services to anybody looking for watch or jewelry repair.	Service	1
Both had great customer service!!!	Service	1
The items are pricey but are one of a kind.	Price	0
Great customer service, we've bought a bunch of stuff with Summer.	Service	1
They are so well stocked with supplies and new and used gear, all reasonably priced.	Price	0
The customer service is great and now that they carry vintage comic books and cards there's even more amazing stuff to shop for!	Service	1
They have earned my loyalty with great service and good prices.	Service	1
Been a regular here since December 2015 because Jordan is consistent with great customer service and always recommends what's best for my needs.	Service	1
The customer service is always excellent in person or if you just call with a quick question.	Service	1
The customer service I received today from Kelly was awesome! If only this wonderful service was found everywhere, I'd be thrilled.	Service	1
If you have something to sell they will give you a fair price.	Price	0
I will be using his services in the future.	Service	1
The prices are more than reasonable.	Price	0
My review here is actually more for the antique lamp repair and restoration work I received by one of their vendors - Sonny is great! Wonderful attention to detail and more than fair prices!	Price	0
In terms of quality, service, and their variety of stones and price points, they are spot on.	Service	1
Customer service was great, very attentive.	Service	1
Besides the magic, the guys doing flips, a bevy of magicians assistants, comedy relief by the Maestro of Magic, there's the live soundtrack, with guitars performed by Del Cheetah, and overall the show rocks and is worth the price of admission.	Price	0
Fantastic service from the time we walked in the front door until they walked out of our home; pool table set up.	Service	1
Excellent Service by Tanner and Jeffrey on the set-up (they know what they are doing).	Service	1
Price is also below competition.	Price	0
The wheelchair rental is only $37 and change for a week! Great price, and the chair is easy to use.	Price	0
The service here is phenomenal every time I step in I feel like I'm at home.	Service	1
Tennessee gave me the best service! I went in with my friend and she helped me get exactly what I wanted! I'm definitely coming back	Service	1
Excellent customer service.	Service	1
very pleased with their service i realize at first they had some problems they need to work out but now service tech.	Service	1
Great customer service, very informative, and helpful.	Service	1
Love these guys, always happy helpful service, great juices and hardware, and the new location at 115 Queen st east is really spiffy, I spent an hour trying new flavours and went home with some tasty 416 and a new ego one mega, now I'm a real happy vapor!!!	Service	1
I appreciate their very fair prices especially for such high quality and specialized esoteric items very much.	Price	0
The price was very reasonable and the customer service was excellent.	Price	0
Best prices, excellent customer service, don't listen to the bad reviews, this place is awesome.	Price	0
Best service, best return policy, best selection and prices in the area.	Price	0
Her prices are very realistic!	Price	0
These are not the typically overpriced, touristy timepieces you see in Vegas.	Price	0
Prices are better at Sportsman's.	Price	0
The prices he mentioned for both services are reasonable and even a littrile less then I've seen at other shops in town.	Price	0
Across the board, prices are very fair and I noticed some downright bargains while perusing.	Price	0
Very happy with the service! My phone would not boot up, and they were able to fix it quickly and at a good price.	Price	0
They are also very reasonably priced! People are so nice.	Price	0
Good prices and nice selection for a small shop.	Price	0
Everything was completed in a timely manner and their prices are fair.	Price	0
There are soo many products in this place and they are all reasonably priced.	Price	0
This is a great store to just hang out in, and they have great merch and good prices.	Price	0
Their prices were fantastic compared to the big chain stores.	Price	0
Quick accurate diagnosis at a very reasonable price!	Price	0
Sales on top of amazing prices.\n2.	Price	0
Also he will get you the best price possible.	Price	0
\n\nThe prices are great, as all of my purchased were new pieces.	Price	0
Great inventory, fair prices, and friendly service.	Price	0
The prices are reasonable and they are open to scheduling delivery for you.	Price	0
Sure you'll pay a premium price but well worth it.	Price	0
Mike offered me the best price I was able to find anywhere and replaced the watch battery for free when it died the following year.	Price	0
Their prices are very reasonable and you know you are getting what you pay for!  What I am always amazed at too is that months will go by before I have a reason to go back there, yet they know my name and make me feel like family.	Price	0
The prices were reasonable co side ring you are looking g at some pretty amazing stuff! The staff was really friendly and even took some pics with me! Def will come back next time I'm in town :)	Price	0
My new work shoes are extremely comfortable, my feet hardly hurt at all anymore, and they were on sale at a very reasonable price.	Price	0
If you are looking for a good price for a firearm check these guys out.	Price	0
The owners are very helpful and will make sure that you find everything that you need at a reasonable price.	Price	0
Her prices are great too! Make sure you check out her store, you won't regret it!	Price	0
Price was also reasonable.	Price	0
Prices are fantastic and the consignment is very good quality.\n6.	Price	0
They have a great selection at great prices.	Price	0
The prices are reasonable compared to other similar stores, and you can get a punch card for $10 store credit after a certain amount of purchases.	Price	0
After an exhaustive search I stumbled upon 2BMod and was so pleasantly surprised to see a large selection of the stuff I found on the other two websites at even better prices.	Price	0
Good prices and lots of Greeting cards for one dollar.	Price	0
And the prices are fair for what you get.	Price	0
Store was full of high quality items at great prices.	Price	0
Prices better than Leslie's.	Price	0
The store is filled with beautiful clothing and accessories at a very reasonable price.	Price	0
This was 100% wrong and against their policy of matching prices.	Price	0
JRs is a fair price for beautiful mulch.	Price	0
We will be making more trips here as there is no reason to look elsewhere between the service, price and quality.	Price	0
The price is very reasonable for my almose sister locs that requires latching and takes about 3 hours to complete.	Price	0
Prices are great too so I can keep making changes without worrying about breaking the bank.	Price	0
Worth the price.	Price	0
The jewelry is high quality and competitively priced.	Price	0
I was absolutely amazed by the service from All Occasion Floral in Scottsdale.	Service	1
Amazing service, and incredible bouquet of flowers.	Service	1
This locally owned shop is definitely above and beyond any experience, service or product you could receive from FTD florists!	Service	1
Very good selection and stellar service!	Service	1
This store was amazing they are fast and friendly and Erica was absolutely fantastic when it comes to everything tmobile and her customer service was top notch.	Service	1
Excellent customer service from fitter.	Service	1
Great service very knowledgable staff great experience all around love these guys..	Service	1
Customer service is on point; staff is extremely helpful and knowledgable and really made me feel comfortable about my purchase.	Service	1
Awesome people, Great Service, They fixed my cellphone case for just $0.00 and on the spot.	Service	1
Thanks Alan and Rhianan for such a great service!!!	Service	1
Im a big supporter of trying to shop local over big national chains whenever possible, especially if im getting a good product and good service.	Service	1
They are quick with their service, if I order by 5:00, I will always get my order the next day (unless it is a Friday and then I will get it first thing on Monday).	Service	1
My wife was thrilled with the jewelry and the service each time we came in.	Service	1
Colin the technician was awesome and I would definitely recommend this company for the employees, ease of purchase and overall customer service.	Service	1
I was pleasantly surprised to find they had a good selection at a lower price than I had expected, and the service was excellent.	Service	1
Friendly service and a clean store.	Service	1
Amazing service and so extremely helpful!	Service	1
It's this kind of customer service that will encourage me to go there again for any of my vaping needs.	Service	1
Great service and friendly staff!	Service	1
I have long assumed that corporately owned mainstream retailers don't have much heart when it comes to relationships with customers\/customer service, etc.	Service	1
The service here was phenomenal!	Service	1
I just left her and had the most superb customer service with Lisa and her husband, I absolutely love how unique the store is how helpful they were, they would move furniture next to each other from other areas in the big store in order to see if I liked it together.	Service	1
I've never had better customer service than Jon.	Service	1
However I was blown away by the amazing service the incredible amount of knowledge known about that products and the overall welcoming environment.	Service	1
Great customer service! I recently bought a ring from overseas, and needed someone to examine the quality and authenticity of the gem.	Service	1
Love this place!  Lots of lamps to choose from and prices are reasonable.	Price	0
I found their prices reasonable and the selection well curated with something for all budgets.	Price	0
There is something for everyone, very reasonable prices and well crafted designs.	Price	0
Phenomenal equipment, great prices, expert assistance, and top-notch customer service.	Price	0
With her help, I found the PERFECT frames at an extremely reasonable price.	Price	0
Beautiful dresses at beautiful prices.	Price	0
No pressure, and reasonable prices for delivery and other items.	Price	0
Prices were super fair, and I felt better in purchasing here than through other avenues for second hand or pre-owned.	Price	0
I love it here! Great finds, amazing prices and friendly staff! One of a kind outfits too:)	Price	0
Great service and amazingly speedy timing.	Service	1
Super friendly and priced very well.	Price	0
My husband and I had our destination wedding in Vegas with both our bachelorette and bachelor parties the night before and we told Mike what we were looking to do and he had everything organized for us at reasonable prices.	Price	0
Great Service and Pricing.	Service	1
The customer service is great.	Service	1
the price was just what they quoted me and totally, totally worth it.	Price	0
Best customer service and professionalism.	Service	1
The prices are very reasonable and you are very well taken care of here.	Price	0
Great service frank and I'll be sure to let the guys at the fire station know who to call.	Service	1
Their prices are beyond reasonable and I wouldn't trust my technology issues with any other company.	Price	0
Price wise they were very reasonable.	Price	0
Her customer service is exceptional.	Service	1
Records Reduction provides a great service.	Service	1
I was very happy with his service and would definitely hire him again.	Service	1
They are honest, fair, give the best price in town and their product is amazing.	Price	0
The price was very reasonable, and Lindsay delivered the most amazing resume.	Price	0
The hosts were awesome, tables were reasonably priced, and we were always walked right in past the usually heinous lines.	Price	0
The money and customer service makes sense.	Service	1
Helpful staff, quick service, and open on a Sunday afternoon.	Service	1
Every time I call I am blown away with how great their service is.	Service	1
Any service I hire in behalf of a client or service I refer to a client, comes back as a reflection on me.	Service	1
There are sooo many unique items and great discounted prices.	Price	0
Also, customer service was excellent.	Service	1
He is a great resource for home and business computer systems and reasonably priced.	Price	0
It actually was a great service, he was really patient while I explained my dad over the phone how to text me a picture of the keys.	Service	1
I can recommend this service.	Service	1
Have used Paul's for years and have not only received excellent and courteous service but also after checking around the valley have found they offer the best prices.	Service	1
Have used Paul's for years and have not only received excellent and courteous service but also after checking around the valley have found they offer the best prices.	Price	0
We got a great price on our laminate flooring.	Price	0
Overall, this company gave me great customer service and was very professional every step of the way.	Service	1
I have no doubt that anyone hiring Nick at Blue Truck Window Cleaning will be ecstatic over the great service he provides.	Service	1
I received Fernando's contact information as a referral from a family member who used and loved their service.	Service	1
They were friendly, helped with my need for quick process service and even had a form on hand that I forgot to send them.	Service	1
I will most definitely have 360 Precision Cleaning in to take care of many needs I may have for cleaning, maid service for a party, changing decor,	Service	1
We have used Cashman photo for parties photos, engagement photos, wedding photos, and photo shoots for children's albums and they were amazing and the most reasonably priced around.	Price	0
I not only recommend their DVD products, but customer service is great and also if we ever needed any video production done these would be the the guys to do it!	Service	1
Fast, friendly, knowledgeable, professional and very pleasant service all around, 10 out of 5 stars!	Service	1
Excellent experience both times and the prices are great!	Price	0
Incredible service.	Service	1
The quality of printing was great, the price was reasonable, and the order was done in a day's time!	Price	0
The price is also great given quality of his work.	Price	0
I would absolutely recommend their services to anyone in need.	Service	1
I recommend your services to anyone needing quality production and an eye for detail.	Service	1
Every person who came to our house was exceptional as far as customer service skills etc.	Service	1
The windows looks amazing and all at a fair price...	Price	0
I'll definitely be using his services again!	Service	1
I have utilized their services on several occasions with nothing but the best results.	Service	1
Every time I have gotten fast and friendly customer service with top notch efficiency!	Service	1
Great consumer-oriented service!	Service	1
The service was again impeccable, and the results again perfect.	Service	1
If it isn't 5 star, then you're not getting the best service out there.	Service	1
Service was great, prices were very reasonable, and I was in and out in less than an hour.	Service	1
Service was great, prices were very reasonable, and I was in and out in less than an hour.	Price	0
I am 1000% (yep - one thousand percent) pleased with the services I have received from Tonia and David Enevoldsen at the Family Law Guys.	Service	1
Great service from a dedicated, competent, trustworthy process server.	Service	1
Great service...quick and knew what they were doing.	Service	1
Good communicators and the price was reasonable.	Price	0
Working with Rick was easy and I would recommend his services all day!	Service	1
Service was impeccable.	Service	1
Green Clean Arizona is made up of wonderful, hard working people who are trying to bring a valued service to the community.	Service	1
Very good service.	Service	1
Amazing professionalism and service.	Service	1
Marcus is an exceptional professional who is willing to do what it takes to ensure you are satisfied with the service.	Service	1
I have already requested another service to assist with other rooms in our house and will continue to recommend them!	Service	1
Great service provided by professional people.	Service	1
Great service and awesome prices!	Service	1
Great service and awesome prices!	Price	0
Hands down the best carpet service I have used.	Service	1
Great and quick service!	Service	1
We are so pleased with the service from making the appointment, arrival time of the service people to the final product.	Service	1
I would highly recommend this firm and we will definitely use their services again!	Service	1
We own businesses in Charlotte, we have never had a problem with them-they offer great customer service and truly care to get the job done.	Service	1
Reliable, affordable, quality service!	Service	1
Marcus was able to schedule an appointment quickly, was on-time, and provided quality service cleaning the carpet for one room.	Service	1
I will definitely schedule future carpet cleaning with Mr G's cleaning services!	Service	1
His prices are reasonable and his work is quality.	Price	0
He called me the next day any gave me an awesome price!	Price	0
The shop uses high materials and the right technique at a great price.	Price	0
Always provides great service and is always available to help!	Service	1
Lee provided an excellent customer service and was very professional from the start.	Service	1
The staff were all very courteous, and the price quoted was exactly what we were charged.	Price	0
The service men worked quickly and carefully.	Service	1
They have excellent customer service.	Service	1
Wonderful top notch service, replaced old carpets in my new home.	Service	1
Wright timely and with fair price was able to do it all.	Price	0
The customer service was great, and the cards were gorgeous.	Service	1
I love this company, great materials and great service.	Service	1
Awesome customer service and have only used them since we opened our business.	Service	1
This is the best service that I have ever received!	Service	1
Considering the quality of his job and the price, I did not hesitate to give him 5 stars.	Price	0
They have some beautiful people employed with wonderful customer service skills.	Service	1
Great service, quick turn around time (mine took around 3 days) and awesome resume writing!	Service	1
Owner, Jeff has been instrumental in connecting us with the best resources as far the different technology vendors and how to negotiate the best prices.	Price	0
Working with David to get the graphic design for our truck feet was fast, stress free and by far the most reasonable price in town!	Price	0
Really amazing work, and best prices.	Price	0
Great service and the owner Fernando is always friendly his guys are great and my carpets always look beautiful after they clean it!	Service	1
Loved the service quick efficient courteous and on time.	Service	1
Excellent service overall, and we will definitely be calling again in the future!	Service	1
I've been using them for over 7 years and I'm very pleased with their services.	Service	1
They are very reliable, professional, reasonable with prices, fast turn around and personal staff make it a pleasure for me to order all my business shirts\/sweaters\/hats\/backpacks year over year.	Price	0
Graphic Ideals constantly comes through for me, they have amazing customer service (Lena) and the quality is fantastic.	Service	1
the service was great, everything went smooth and they hooked us up with the best tables in the club!	Service	1
Your service was well worth every penny!	Service	1
I found Richard to be real professional, who did quality work at a reasonable price.	Price	0
I would highly recommend his services.	Service	1
Had my taxes done here by Nichelle Williams great service.	Service	1
Very quick and professional service.	Service	1
I am very pleased with the customer service of Zerorez.	Service	1
The prices were reasonable and they were willing to work with us and our budget without a struggle, which was nice because we were working on a smaller scale than most.	Price	0
Excellent frame job at a reasonable price and terrific customer service.	Price	0
I think that's excellent customer service and would go back for any future jobs.	Service	1
They do a great job and have very good prices!	Price	0
They aren't the cheapest but their price is fair and their work is some of the best I have come across.	Price	0
Highly recommend using their service.	Service	1
The service is top notch and helped guide me for what I needed.	Service	1
Highly recommended and we will use his services again.	Service	1
Thanks again for the great service.	Service	1
Love the service and the prices.	Service	1
Love the service and the prices.	Price	0
They do a really thorough job at affordable prices.	Price	0
Great customer service.	Service	1
I recommend this group to everyone I can who needs a professional tax service.	Service	1
Great job guys and thank you for your amazing service!	Service	1
His prices are very reasonable and accepts payment plans if you do not have all of the funds up front.	Price	0
This service was great!	Service	1
I used Pesticon a few times and each time they provided great service.	Service	1
They are super knowledgeable and provide the best customer service!	Service	1
Jackson Hewitt was A1 tome their price to file my taxes was reasonable I got to get return back so I'm happy	Price	0
The price was incredibly fair.	Price	0
Fast, professional, friendly and very reasonably priced--- great experience in every way!	Price	0
Kaleb is Professional & Precise and very satisfied with Charlene's customer service,  overall Great Quality, Great work, and Great price - definitely recommend Under Wraps.	Price	0
Overall I am pleased with the service and support I received.	Service	1
I highly recommend his services.	Service	1
Amazing customer service and they did an amazing job!	Service	1
Thankfully I was very happy with the level of service at PMSAZ Bail Bonds.	Service	1
I appreciate that type of customer service.	Service	1
Excellent price, quick service and great communication.	Service	1
Excellent price, quick service and great communication.	Price	0
Was very impressed with the service and the setup on the SKI.	Service	1
Their prices are hard to beat and they offer many good services.	Service	1
Their prices are hard to beat and they offer many good services - I love the new edge color they offer and for a reasonable price.	Price	0
I truly appreciate his hard-work and he is very reasonably priced which means I am able to use him more frequently!	Price	0
I shopped around and they had the best price.	Price	0
In all sincerity, I highly recommend his service.	Service	1
For a VERY reasonable price, the business film stands for an investment in an excellent marketing tool that can be used and enjoyed for years to come.	Price	0
John and his team produce an exceptional quality product at a competitive price and ALWAYS meet their deadlines!	Price	0
They never cease to amaze me with a top notch product at a very fair price.	Price	0
Their customer service is great and I always have confidence that the final result will be just what I wanted.	Service	1
I would most definitely use Britney's services again if the need arose.	Service	1
I've been meaning to write this review a lot sooner because of the incredible service I was provided.	Service	1
Also, the price was extremely reasonable.	Price	0
Have used them multiple times to do super hard to find rare odds and ends pieces and they've always done it top notch and fair prices for what you get.	Price	0
It is worth the price tag to actually meet.	Price	0
Price was best I found for the services.	Price	0
This company is quick at responding to inquiries and gave me an excellent price on the pins I was looking for.	Price	0
Great price and great service.	Price	0
We always use them for our home, they have prices that are amazing, and they do an amazing job of cleaning my carpets.	Price	0
An excellent service with caring staff, and very reasonable price.	Price	0
The prices here are very generous.	Price	0
His prices are fair and he doesn't push repairs that you don't need.	Price	0
He has always been quick, fairly priced, efficient, and clean in his work.	Price	0
All of this at a very fair price.	Price	0
Nick was flexible, quick to respond and very fairly priced.	Price	0
he is dedicated to problem solving and diagnosing your problem and is very reasonably priced.	Price	0
Donata was the sales manager and worked with my budget and ensured that i got every single thing that i wanted with a great price.	Price	0
He quickly diagnosed our issue and fixed in a few minutes at a more than reasonable price.	Price	0
They offer some of the most unique cards I have ever seen for great prices and a wonderful turn around time 	Price	0
Very reasonable price.	Price	0
If you are interested in quality decals (indoor, outdoor, auto, etc.) for a reasonable price...	Price	0
Best service for a reasonable price.	Price	0
They produced an excellent product (see pic), in an insanely-fast turnaround time, and for a fantastic price.	Price	0
He returned my call in a timely manner, he was courteous, and his prices were reasonable.	Price	0
He offered to strip it off for me and quoted me the best price out of all the other cleaners I contacted.	Price	0
Thank you Advanced Litigation - Got me through a tough time -  Reasonable prices and very professional.	Price	0
They are the real deal at an attractive price.	Price	0
If you are looking for the best price, move on.	Price	0
Great customer service, fast response, affordable prices.	Price	0
And on top she was very reasonably priced.	Price	0
The prices were very fair and well below what others quoted, yet the quality of work and customer service was outstanding.	Price	0
Their prices are very reasonable and great.	Price	0
Their work is thorough and impressive, all at an affordable price.	Price	0
Is best quality work and  good price for business sign with light.	Price	0
The price is great and I received my cards much faster then I expected.	Price	0
I was very pleased and the knowledge i received is well worth the price he was offering.	Price	0
Their prices are very reasonable and the quality is good.	Price	0
The prices are fair especially for the service, fast and friendly.	Price	0
We communicated back and forth via text message, I sent him a picture he gave me a very reasonable price and showed up first thing the next morning to trim my palm tree.	Price	0
Great price and great inspection.	Price	0
They are fairly priced and upfront about all costs.	Price	0
Great work, very fair price and excellent clean up.	Price	0
Bill gave us great prices, (less than half of the next closest bid) and Bill and Donny worked with us to get the exact look we wanted.	Price	0
Not only did they educate me throughout the process and a take a very meticulous approach to retouching, but they charged a very reasonable price and delivered on the final product.	Price	0
Amazing service, great response time, & the prices are the best.	Price	0
Gave was quality shirts for a wonderful price.	Price	0
Awesome job at a great price!	Price	0
always been professional, on time and best of all, super reasonably priced.	Price	0
Great prices and I highly recommend them!	Price	0
The price was fair and the job was handled professionally.	Price	0
They provided fast turnaround and they offer their products at fair prices.	Price	0
He quoted my wife and I a very reasonable price to get our Plasma TV to turn on and STAY on.	Price	0
Very please with the final product and the prices were reasonable!	Price	0
All I can say as a negative is, it is a fairly expensive clinic.	Price	0
Conscientious, helpful, quick service.	Service	1
I must say they provide one of the best customer service I have had in a doctor's office.	Service	1
Jason is the nicest customer service rep I have ever talked to.	Service	1
Before I even stepped foot into this practice, I already had a wonderful sense of the customer service and love that Patty and Dr.	Service	1
Davey and his staff are very friendly and I would recommend Dermatique to anyone looking for the services he and his office provides as well as for an overall skin wellness examination.	Service	1
No complaints and pleased with the service.	Service	1
Been there twice so far with 2 more appointments booked and so far I'm very happy with the service	Service	1
I am very pleased with the level of professionalism and customer service I received here.	Service	1
They have a great selection at a reasonable price.	Price	0
Looking forward to learning more about them and their services.	Service	1
Great prices on their eyewear and exceptional customer service.	Service	1
I have had several reasonably priced laser treatments at this office over the past year and have been very pleasantly surprised with the results.	Price	0
She got out models from three different manufacturers, starting with the lowest price first, explaining what each one would do and not do.	Price	0
What great service at this location	Service	1
She is a wonderful employee and a great asset for customer service.	Service	1
The service and treatment I received was good.	Service	1
Billing is always accurate and fair.	Price	0
Amazing service, caring staff and immediate appointments.	Service	1
I love the service and the staff.	Service	1
Really liked the quick service when the doctor asked for testing.	Service	1
Eich has the most patients in Tempe, but that doesn't stop the office from being quick, reliable, and giving great service.	Service	1
This location has the best customer service, I had an contact eye exam on Saturday,  from the minute I walk in the girl Dina made me feel welcome,  she answer all my question without hesitation.	Service	1
The service is phenomenal I really experience a genuine care from Dr Jerian	Service	1
Ho and Nurse Britt for their great service.	Service	1
We highly recommend his services.	Service	1
The receptionist and doctor were beyond friendly, the service was quick, and at $80 it was a reasonable price.	Price	0
I recommend this optical establishment to anyone who is looking for great service and a reasonable price, I've been coming here for a long time and I wouldn't trade going anywhere else	Price	0
Their pricing is fair compared to the other clinics we researched as well.	Price	0
Very good service.	Service	1
I'm super happy with the service and treatment received from this clinic.	Service	1
I highly recommend coming here first to see how amazing their service is.	Service	1
Each allotment of time is worth money.	Price	0
I give you all 5 stars on costumer service 	Service	1
I'll also add that for the time spent, he is very reasonably priced as well.	Price	0
Thankfully I have no allergies so I don't have to return, however, between my 2 visits, I received awesome customer service by everyone I dealt with here- especially by Dr.	Service	1
Excellent service except Dr.Gupta is the only cardiologist at this location.	Service	1
Sussman was recommended to us and we will definitely recommend his services in the future to friends and family.	Service	1
Extremely happy with her service, and i look forward to seeing her more.	Service	1
The price was $150 plus tax which I find very reasonable.	Price	0
I'm not sure what my results will be but I am very happy with the service I received from this centre	Service	1
Doctors and service here are top-notch.	Service	1
I really appreciate there high level of professional service.	Service	1
Wolfson is beyond your expectations of what quality service, compassion and skill is.	Service	1
Taylor based on my mom's recommendation and I'm extremely happy with the service I have received at these offices.	Service	1
Herion was very honest and told me to save my money this year and possibly get new lenses next year.	Price	0
If you want quality service, he's worth every cent.	Service	1
The service was amazing.	Service	1
Summerlin Foot & Ankle, besides giving great professional service, is very customer service oriented.	Service	1
Customer service was great and the dr I had was friendly with a great attitude.	Service	1
What a wonderful resource to the community at a really affordable price	Price	0
Awesome customer service, amazing techs.	Service	1
I highly recommend her services\/office.	Service	1
Cohen and staff can not be beat for service, quality of care and patient satisfaction.	Service	1
He is a winner in my book and clearly I'd highly recommend his services to anyone seeking a great dermatologist.	Service	1
If you want good service you will wait and if the waiting room is full,  then that should tell you something.	Service	1
She has amazing designer glasses at designer prices.	Price	0
Well worth all the money, and ten times more useful than anything my insurance covers for conventional-only medicine.	Price	0
I've been coming here for Hydrafacials for years and cannot begin to express how happy I am with their services.	Service	1
I appreciate such great customer service from the eye technicians to the front desk staff.	Service	1
Great service from everyone every single time.	Service	1
Excellent Surgeon, and Staff deliver high quality healthcare services in a professional office.	Service	1
The staff continues to try their best to provide the best service possible.	Service	1
P3 Medical Group Pecos was very clean and the service was wonderful.	Service	1
I was extremely pleased with the service.	Service	1
Prices are affordable too	Price	0
Always in awe of the professional service that I receive here - something one rarely sees now a days and I highly recommend seeing them.	Service	1
Always great service, always great care	Service	1
Holy cow- can we just talk about the best customer service? I called today and spoke with the receptionist and she was so kind.	Service	1
Prices are affordable too	Price	0
Prices were great and my surgery went better than I expected.	Price	0
The place is clean (VERY important to me in a medical place), reasonably priced, and the entire staff are friendly and always cheerful.	Price	0
I would recommend there services to all	Service	1
Lanfranchi so worth your time and money is the fact that he ONLY works on faces, so he's a pro when it comes to making them look amazing.	Price	0
I prefer when dealing with your eyes that you go to a qualified center then the cheapest.	Price	0
I would recommend this place to anyone in need of their services.	Service	1
The price is friendly and I came back second time, was not disappointed coming back either, she had everything done with confidence and easy.	Price	0
Their location was a little bit out of the way for me, but the service, professionalism and cleanliness was well worth the drive.	Service	1
Two of many specific examples of excellent patient service are that the doctor is willing to see me on an upcoming Saturday for post surgery follow up appt.	Service	1
Lipshutz, Isaac Tunnell and staff for Your excellent service all these years.	Service	1
Wonderful customer service, education, help with every need I had.	Service	1
Excellent medical service.	Service	1
The service there is amazing	Service	1
I love the cleanliness, friendly staff, and and quick service.	Service	1
They definitely have the best prices in town and the most talented staff.	Price	0
Thank you for the great service, attitudes, smiles, and efficiency in doing your jobs	Service	1
Great service, affordable & she met all of my needs while making me feel comfortable and well-informed about the process.	Service	1
I cannot say enough kind words about this place they did my glasses next day and the customer service is amazing I got great follow up care and information from Karen & Eric	Service	1
That is definitely customer service at its best.	Service	1
She also has the best prices in town, and helps you with obtaining special discounts and promotional pricing from the various products she offers.	Price	0
I'm very happy with the service I received in the Fairview Park office.	Service	1
They have pretty good prices at that coffee bar, as well as a great sense of style.	Price	0
Friendly, professional, quick service.	Service	1
They provided friendly and exceptional customer service, gave me a great price, and on top of all that, our x-rays now look amazing	Price	0
Her staff is friendly and provide excellent customer service.	Service	1
I am impressed with Dr Singel for the excellent professional service and treatment I have received.	Service	1
Lastly, the office staff is also to be commended for outstanding service	Service	1
I will definitely be returning for more services	Service	1
Thank God for this amazing Health Services practice	Service	1
They listen to me and provide excellent quality service.	Service	1
The customer service here is wonderful, and all the girls working, from the front desk to the laser techs, to the doctor, are all so, so pleasant	Service	1
Eckart and can highly recommend her services.	Service	1
This company will try to make sure everything is ok wit your experience  great customer service	Service	1
Excellent service & great results.	Service	1
I don't regret for one minute the time, money and effort we have put in to seeing her and following her instructions.	Price	0
Great customer service and communication.	Service	1
Both the Doctor, Roger Fontes, MD and the rehab center provided excellent service.	Service	1
Incredibly professional staff, excellent service and product.	Service	1
I've had nothing but great service and results.	Service	1
Received great service from everyone there.	Service	1
He was very happy with the service provided.	Service	1
Was very pleased with their efficiency and service.	Service	1
Appointment was right on time and the services were professional.	Service	1
Price was pretty reasonable, it's all cash pay or financing available.	Price	0
The care and service my girls have received is top notch.	Service	1
GREAT service,,GREAT people who really care.	Service	1
The price is definitely doable.	Price	0
The fee is worth the service you receive.	Service	1
Very happy with her service, will be back for my touch up.	Service	1
Leon is right up there with the very best Scottsdale offers, and AMAZING prices.	Price	0
She is amazing,  her prices are very reasonable and her work is good quality work	Price	0
I would highly recommend Cory Health Services.	Service	1
Which again apppreciated because it saves time and money.	Price	0
Great service and super clean facility.	Service	1
Very fair and professional.	Price	0
They have the best team and customer service	Service	1
Fabulous results, amazing service, friendly and knowledgeable staff	Service	1
Best and fastest tattoo removal you can get and affordable price.	Price	0
Always excellent, prompt, professional, friendly service.	Service	1
I highly recommend his services.	Service	1
Best money I ever spent	Price	0
Her prices are very reasonable and she makes her own all natural skincare products in -house.	Price	0
Fantastic client service on phone and in person.	Service	1
Their customer service is outstanding.	Service	1
Just book the 3 sessions, it'll save you money and time and you won't regret it	Price	0
The customer service was friendly and sweet, she educated me on the root problem so I know how to actively treat it and even referred me to cheaper places to purchase things.	Service	1
Just went for my first visit today after some outstanding customer service got me in last minute.	Service	1
She brings a great service at a great price.	Service	1
She brings a great service at a great price.	Price	0
He is reasonably priced and he and his wife, Pauline, are true healers.	Price	0
His prices were already very reasonable and I booked him right away	Price	0
very professional, helpful, prices very reasonable, give you options, don't try to push one choice	Price	0
The pricing is very fair compared to other places.	Price	0
The staff is very friendly and efficient, the prices very fair.	Price	0
The artists are friendly and talented and the prices are reasonable.	Price	0
Got a great cut,for a good price and excellent service.	Price	0
And the price they charge is rather reasonable.	Price	0
He was hands down my favorite, long before I discovered his prices are also very reasonable.	Price	0
I had side burn laser with char , she's very nice n friendly n so professional the place was very nice n clean I will definitely go back again for my other hair removal, I also noticed she doing permanent eye tattoos too, I will go to her when I need mine touch up, her price was very reasonable, thank you char	Price	0
Rossio does great work, their prices are reasonable and they have been nothing but professional.	Price	0
It's only $20.00 and I believe it's worth the price.	Price	0
You get so much done including an adjustment for a cheap price.	Price	0
Price was very reasonable and they offer financing if you need it.	Price	0
Parke gives, the prices are reasonable.	Price	0
Then again there is no price worth hiking.	Price	0
I just wish renewal prices were reasonable.	Price	0
They make you feel good and save you money; what's not to love	Price	0
Make an appointment, it's worth the time and money just to have a physician that will listen to you as that seems to be a rarity these days.	Price	0
Also very reasonably priced.	Price	0
He also tries to save you money in any way shape or form.	Price	0
The prices are reasonable and Dr.	Price	0
Care was great and his price was reasonable.	Price	0
Finally, the costs of the procedures are fair and  reasonable.	Price	0
Baker genuinely cares about each of his patients, and will not recommend anything that could be a waste of time and money.	Price	0
Fast movers with fair and reasonable price	Price	0
Absolutely worth  the money.	Price	0
They are also reasonably priced with your first visit costing $65 and each additional costing around $50.	Price	0
They are conservative in their treatments and prices are fair.	Price	0
The prices here are reasonable and it is clear that he is competent and easy to get along with.	Price	0
Well worth the money in my view for those of us with busy schedules.	Price	0
The price was reasonable.	Price	0
He also runs a reasonably priced massage school.	Price	0
His prices are amazing and the service is top notch and it is not timed as most physio's that are $70 per half hour.	Price	0
For what you get the prices are very reasonable I can't thank them or recommend them enough.	Price	0
Dr Villares has great prices and would prefer to care for patients who can't normally afford plastic surgery than over charge and take money from	Price	0
They work hard to give you great care and do it for the best price	Price	0
I guess the new thing is to buy cheap frames online, but I think glasses are worth more time and money than just uploading a picture of your face and sending it along.	Price	0
Price and his staff are unbelievably awesome	Price	0
The B12 shots are reasonably priced.	Price	0
Price has a very calm reassuring demeanor (one could almost say laid-back) and was able to treat me twice.	Price	0
Price is great, and I'm happy I saw him.	Price	0
The product is worth the money in itsel.	Price	0
Amazing new location with a friendly staff and awesome prices.	Price	0
Staff is smart, they work together and the result is quality glasses for a great price.	Price	0
Also, the price is fantastic.	Price	0
may save you time and money	Price	0
They have the LOWEST prices than any other place I've seen.	Price	0
Professional, considerate, excellent care and the price was very good.	Price	0
I came to them for their weight loss program which is reasonably priced and they give you everything you need to be successful.	Price	0
The prices are very affordable, as well.	Price	0
Place is very good workers are helpful good prices and sneakers are made strong went to other places for diabetes shoes and they fell apart after 6 months	Price	0
The prices are the best in town and the results are amazing.	Price	0
This is a great find with great prices.	Price	0
They even did our EKG and Echo is the office, saving us time and money.	Price	0
To us the price was fair, we out it on our care credit, remember don't think you can get the 60 month option from care credit.	Price	0
I would go back as not only was I very well looked after it was also the cheapest place I have found in las vegas.	Price	0
Next ordered ConnectorClip - Retested my ears - spent inordinate amount of time making sure all reprogrammed & connected and worked well and charged me a very fair and reasonable price for the total of 4 visits.	Price	0
His prices are worth it.	Price	0
Great place, great staff, great results, and great prices.	Price	0
I came here because I hurt my knee and we are currently between insurances; Urgently Ortho is priced extremely fair given that you are seeing an actual orthopedic surgeon and not just a PA at some other urgent care.	Price	0
The price was very reasonable and I knew my results were going to be great.	Price	0
They offer a wide variety of services\/	Service	1
Shop here for great service and pet products.	Service	1
I had a great experience and they provided strong service.	Service	1
Everything came back looking great on my Shiba and the price was reasonable and on par for professional service.	Service	1
Everything came back looking great on my Shiba and the price was reasonable and on par for professional service.	Price	0
Price was reasonable and I was given a receipt 	Price	0
The right price to keep him coming back weekly and he'll even sanitized the  area!	Price	0
Thank you Vicki for 2 great years of service!	Service	1
They are very reasonably priced too!	Price	0
This is our go-to place for amazing service and caring for Alfie.	Service	1
They were able to erase our worries and offer an affordable service for a mass removal on our dog's leg.	Service	1
Excellent customer service, very knowledgeable, patient, affordable and above all caring your dog is not just a number in line like larger groomers treat them!	Service	1
Being a New Yorker I expect the best service and I sure received it at West Hill.	Service	1
I worked with two other well known specialized vet practices over the years in Charlotte and hands down IVC has the most caring staff, the most compassionate and modern veterinary care, the best line of communication, and the fairest prices on service.	Price	0
Nice big tubs to wash your dogs for a very fair price vs messy up your tub.	Price	0
They were also the best price quote that I received of the 6 or so services that I called.	Price	0
This is truly a remarkable service and individual (Dr.	Service	1
The price is reasonable .	Price	0
Also a fantastic price for coming to your house.	Price	0
I am very thankful to have LA Pet Grooming in my neighborhood as they always provide excellent service and my little Cavalier Spaniel LOVES going there.	Service	1
They have always treated us very well, the price is fair and they always seem to be right on schedule.	Price	0
Price was reasonable and I was given a receipt 	Price	0
Price was very reasonable.	Price	0
I recommend you give her an opportunity to service your puppy.	Service	1
A much needed service at a very reasonable price.	Service	1
A much needed service at a very reasonable price.	Price	0
We highly recommend this service to anyone who owns a dog.	Service	1
As a new client, I received excellent service at RYAH from the entire team of people I met there.	Service	1
Great customer service, communication and easy to book an appointment.	Service	1
A much needed service at a very reasonable price.	Service	1
The prices are great but more importantly the service and peace of mind.	Service	1
The prices are great but more importantly the service and peace of mind.	Price	0
The prices are fair and I have gotten grooming done next door and got cat accessories next door.	Price	0
All of the staff have a genuine interest in pets and helping people and the prices are pretty reasonable.	Price	0
Got the desired bird feed at a very fair price.	Price	0
I love the excellent service and highly recommend you try them.	Service	1
Not only do they do a great job for a reasonable price, but they are true dog lovers.	Price	0
Their prices are very fair and they are open most of the week.	Price	0
Added bonus, the prices are quite reasonable, and as others mentioned, a discount is extended to repeat visitors.	Price	0
& Anal glands all at my home in 2 hours & all for a very good price!	Price	0
This place did a great job for a great price.	Price	0
Their customer service was top notch.	Service	1
Prices were better than I expected for an in-home visit.	Price	0
I love that this service exists; bringing the veterinarian to my driveway is so helpful.	Service	1
The personalized service is fantastic.	Service	1
The prices were fair, the location is great, and my bashful bulldog survived the visit.	Price	0
Great care at affordable prices is what you'll get with Encanto Mobile Veterinary Services.	Price	0
My wife is happy with their service and seems our dog is as well.	Service	1
Their customer service has always been prompt and efficient.	Service	1
We love how easy and affordable the service is, and on top of that, I completely trust them to have our dog's best interest.	Service	1
The room was extremely clean, directions were awesome and price was right!	Price	0
We will be coming back to use all three services in the future!	Service	1
They have birds dogs cats rabbits mice rat hamsters ferrets snakes and great service.	Service	1
Great vet, they have been there for me when I needed them most with our 2 elderly dogs and reasonably priced.	Price	0
Above & beyond service and hospitality!	Service	1
They are very well priced and I will be using them from now on.	Price	0
They did a thorough job and the price was really reasonable.	Price	0
Cost was 1\/2 what I last spent at a big pet store and better job and faster service.	Service	1
Definitely the best pet sitting service we have ever used.	Service	1
I HIGHLY recommend the services at Arrowhead Pooper Scoopers!	Service	1
I love taking her to Dilworth Dog Grooming - I have referred 2 other doodles from the same breeder and they are also very happy with Chris's services.	Service	1
I had to utilize their services again in January 2018 when my Charlie passed.	Service	1
They had the best price on the pellets I've switched to feeding, and so I gave it another try starting about 7 months ago.	Price	0
Pet friendly and very cheap prices!	Price	0
The added bonus is the treats are really priced well.	Price	0
I don't know what we would do without her great services.	Service	1
What keeps me going back is that they have just about everything I need for my horse and for my pets at reasonable prices.	Price	0
They are reliable, trustworthy, and have affordable prices!	Price	0
It was a stressful time and I was under the gun to locate a reliable service.	Service	1
Here prices are are reasonable and the shop is always in good (clean) order.	Price	0
Prices are also really great.	Price	0
Dr.Saram and his staff have by far given my pets the best care and service I've ever received from any veterinarians.	Service	1
If you need to get your cat or dog vaccinated, checked-out for minor problems, tested, fixed, or anything else rather routine, PPC will save you a good amount of money while providing high quality service.	Service	1
They really care about your pet and customer services is above and beyond.	Service	1
I would highly recommend her grooming services!	Service	1
Being a New Yorker I expect the best service and I sure received it at West Hill.	Service	1
Again things in NY are very expensive when it comes to animal care and West Hill is very reasonable for the service you get.	Service	1
Great selection, good prices, friendly service.	Service	1
Overall, the customer service and experience here are fantastic.	Service	1
He seems to love the play time he gets and I love having a service I can count on to take care of him.	Service	1
Wonderful and personal service!	Service	1
Suzanne's door-to-door raw pet food delivery service is fantastic!	Service	1
The price is right and the manager is caring and loving towards your pet.	Price	0
FPS is reasonably priced and puts out quality work.	Price	0
I have used K-9 Games for both training and boarding for some years now and have been completely satisfied with both areas of service.	Service	1
This place has some of the best customer service I've ever experienced.	Service	1
The offices and waiting room is always clean and you can't beat the prices :)	Price	0
They also bundled the visit with her annual visit since she was close to being due.) The exams are more thorough then any I've experienced, the waits are short, and the prices are incredibly reasonable.	Price	0
I get my food here, which is so reasonably priced for the quality!	Price	0
I have recommended their services to my daughter as well who is pregnant and could use their help with cleaning up after her dog.	Service	1
She is knowledgeable, compassionate and very reasonably priced.	Price	0
And you can't beat it for the price.	Price	0
Everyone is very friendly and the prices are reasonable.	Price	0
Their kind fast service made his day better and his first experience at the groomers was a positive one.	Service	1
The staff and the groomer were extremely helpful going over prices and services that best fit my pet.	Service	1
I am definitely satisfied with the customer service me and my dog received so I will be going back!	Service	1
they were reasonably priced and so nice to my pups.	Price	0
They provide great services in grooming and boarding, and today they just warmed my heart.	Service	1
Very caring staff and reasonable prices.	Price	0
Prices are amazing as well.	Price	0
They offer a great delivery service.	Service	1
The prices were pretty good.	Price	0
Redman continues to provide great service, and education, we appreciate all her dedication to our  4H club.	Service	1
Highly recommend her service.	Service	1
I was very satisfied with the service.	Service	1
When this type of service is needed, I would highly recommend them to anyone.	Service	1
We are so appreciative of your services, and highly recommend this veterinary hospital.	Service	1
We have been VERY pleased with their service!	Service	1
Very trustworthy and reliable service.	Service	1
Super cute dog bakery in the Lake Norman area, and reasonably priced!	Price	0
Great customer service fast delivery and great products !	Service	1
If money is no object hit up Western (10th ave), but if you're just looking for the best care and a reasonable price, Fishcreek Pet Hospital is where you need to be.	Price	0
Jeff is professional, punctual, reliable, reasonably priced, and most importantly he does a great and thorough job with our dogs.	Price	0
Their customer service is wonderful and I have never had any complaints about the haircuts.	Service	1
Great service and good prices.	Service	1
Great service and good prices.	Price	0
I've gone for a self serve dog wash and to pick up some treats and toys twice, and have been very impressed with the friendly service, reasonable prices, and great selection on both occasions!	Service	1
I've gone for a self serve dog wash and to pick up some treats and toys twice, and have been very impressed with the friendly service, reasonable prices, and great selection on both occasions!	Price	0
Very reasonaby priced compared to that large box store ( if you know what I mean).	Price	0
I am very impressed by their service.	Service	1
We have experienced most services including walks, runs and overnight sitting; we look forward to using wedding services in the very near future.	Service	1
We are very particular about our pups and can't emphasize enough the quality of service and peace of mind provided by the team.	Service	1
I've been coming here for at least 10 years and I'll continue to come here for the friendly customer service and how great they are about returns.	Service	1
They looked great, smelt amazing and the price was reasonable.	Price	0
The service is great.	Service	1
Also love the quality of grooming services, smells and looks wonderful after bathing from Charlie's.	Service	1
We've been here with our dog a couple times now, and have had good, prompt, affordable service.	Service	1
The prices are reasonable and the staff is very friendly.	Price	0
This groomer does it all at a reasonable price and also has a fantastic reward program (so tell her I sent you!	Price	0
The price was competitive; the convenience and service were definitely worth it.	Service	1
The price was competitive; the convenience and service were definitely worth it.	Price	0
I live in Chicago and cannot find the same high level of service, so I make sure to time my visits home to coincide with Baxter's haircuts so we can frequent Bubble Nest.	Service	1
I'm so glad that I found this great groomer, wonderful service, wonderful prices and my dogs were not nervous at all, which is a big change.	Service	1
If you are looking for a vet that is COMPETENT, a vet that REALLY CARES about animals and a vet that is INEXPENSIVE and reasonably priced, then you really have to check out Dr.	Price	0
I was holding back on reviewing them again until I could be certain that it would be an accurate review and to be certain that they are consistent with their outstanding service and pricing.	Service	1
So if you need honest, competent & friendly care at very affordable prices, you owe it to yourself and your pet to make the trip over to see Dr.	Price	0
The prices here are fair and they don't gouge you.	Price	0
And prices where great and affordable.	Price	0
Great job on the pet door install and a great price.	Price	0
Both pets and owners are made to feel so welcome, everything is well explained, the service is always stellar.	Service	1
The customer service was excellent and they really took great care of him.	Service	1
The prices were affordable.	Price	0
The service was really great.	Service	1
Pricing is comparable and all their services are listed so you never have to worry about any hidden costs\/fees.	Service	1
We really appreciate all the customer service, and on a side note she really loves those bacon and cheese treats you guys sell!	Service	1
We will definitely be using the service again in the future!	Service	1
The price was really reasonable too!	Price	0
I recommended a co-worker to go to this place since she lived nearby and she was very pleased with their service.	Service	1
Awesome vet and the best prices in town.	Price	0
Thankfully I found Wags In The City Pet Services!	Service	1
Their prices are very reasonable and they have been an absolute life saver!	Price	0
Their service is exemplary -they take excellent care or our pugs and have been extremely accommodating.	Service	1
I believe that his prices are very reasonable.	Price	0
To me, that alone is worth the price.	Price	0
The price was good and very helpful staff.	Price	0
I highly recommend their services.	Service	1
I have never worked with a better service.	Service	1
Her pricing was as good or better than the big box pet stores and the service and quality were far superior!	Service	1
His prices are fair and you can tell he really cares about animals.	Price	0
Their customer service is absolutely the best, and Edward answers e-mails and special requests promptly.	Service	1
Since moving to the Valley, I've used his services more often than I wish.	Service	1
Absolutely excellent service, dependability, and care for our two cats.	Service	1
My husband found this service and I highly recommend them.	Service	1
Great selection of imported Japanese Koi at reasonable prices.	Price	0
Her prices are extremely fair and her knowledge is never ending.	Price	0
This place has such amazing service.	Service	1
The backroom groom is down the street and reasonably priced.	Price	0
The services she provides are truly amazing and scientific in nature due to her level of education and expertise.	Service	1
I can tell you, that you WILL be suprised and to also keep in mind that her services are that of a communicator or interpreter, and that she relays what the animal chooses to disclose.	Service	1
I have been so pleased with their service.	Service	1
The service and the quality of the work was excellent.	Service	1
They are so nice, and reasonably priced.	Price	0
The clinic is convenient and very reasonably priced.	Price	0
I highly recommend Arrowhead Pooper Scoopers and the service Edward provides.	Service	1
I love Rah Raw Pet Food and their home delivery service!	Service	1
Reasonably priced for the treats, not so much for the other gifts in their shop.	Price	0
I will not hesitate to go out of town again since I have great boarding service for my special needs Siamese boy.	Service	1
Their prices are the most competitive in town, I've found.	Price	0
The Vet (Dr Patell) is very humble and very knowledgeable, very caring and has one of the best prices in town....	Price	0
Im really impressed with my vet bill , very reasonably priced 	Price	0
Karen is a great groomer and prices are reasonable.	Price	0
I was very very happy with the service.	Service	1
The service was fast, I did not have to wait longer than 5 minutes for my appointment.	Service	1
Summary	Price	0
Excellent customer service over the phone.	Service	1
Everyone there seemed to be happy with service.	Service	1
The prices are affordable and they do what they promise.	Price	0
We have always had great service.	Service	1
The rates are very reasonable for services, the team is very friendly, and the space is super clean!	Service	1
The service and care that they provide has been amazing and we would happily recommend them to anyone looking for animal care in the South Hills.	Service	1
Vets can be really expensive and they are very reasonably priced compared to any other vets.	Price	0
Their price is very reasonable and Edward was very professional.	Price	0
Great prices, quick turnaround and super friendly	Price	0
The price was reasonable also.	Price	0
She was very helpful in setting up his treatment and the price was amazing!	Price	0
Im really impressed with my vet bill , very reasonably priced 	Price	0
Thank you Andrea for a super service at a great price!	Price	0
Great care, prices and very trustworthy makes this place the very best in my book.	Price	0
Moreover the prices compared to the rest of the market are really great.	Price	0
Quick easy next day appointment, reasonable prices and great service!	Price	0
The prices are very reasonable, the people are very good, and they are extremely caring to our dog, who is pretty afraid of the whole grooming process.	Price	0
By far the best ratio quality price I ever found before.	Price	0
They always have a great selection of unique and healthy fish and it is much more reasonably priced compaired to places like Fintastic.	Price	0
Both were successful and both were reasonably priced.	Price	0
Very reasonably priced, they do a wonderful job with my German Shepherd.	Price	0
I find the prices very reasonable and I really appreciate that Dr.	Price	0
I also found the prices to be reasonable, especially for such a detailed cut.	Price	0
I highly recommend her services!	Service	1
These guys are awesome! Pleasant, friendly and professional customer service!	Service	1
They are the best and so reasonably priced.	Price	0
I've been bringing my boy's here for 17 years and I'm very pleased with the service.	Service	1
I am sure glad a friend recommended your services to me\nyour life time patient, Artie	Service	1
They take our insurance and always give us great service!	Service	1
Dr Kruyer has done my dental work for well over a decade now and I have always been impressed with their service.	Service	1
Az Lifts 4 Less is amazing! They are very knowledgable about their products and give exceptional customer service.	Service	1
They provide honest and quick service at reasonable prices.	Service	1
They provide honest and quick service at reasonable prices.	Price	0
They also help out greatly with price matching with local competitors along with having a really good stock amount of products.	Price	0
All in all, great staff, great RMTs and reasonable prices!	Price	0
Great service, very pleasant and made me feel so comfortable.	Service	1
I just received some incredible customer service from Foot Solutions on Bell Road.	Service	1
Thank you for such great service and addressing my concerns well and made this affordable for me.	Service	1
Fast & friendly service! Got my glasses within 5 days.	Service	1
Quick service, very professional staff, Nice office.	Service	1
I am so happy I found this dentist the staff is very nice and polite and their prices are reasonable .	Price	0
Would definitely recommend since as a pharmacist I have an appreciation for knowledgeable and friendly service.	Service	1
They have a great team and are all about customer service.	Service	1
She is very friendly, professional, nice and clean salon suite, and her prices are great.	Price	0
Customer service here is excellent!	Service	1
And the quality is really good, and the service is really good as well.	Service	1
His true desire is to help patients at an affordable price.	Price	0
Beautiful facility with outstanding service.	Service	1
Great professional friendly service.	Service	1
They took the time to really see what my needs were regarding my vision.	Service	1
The price is reasonable and I like that my first massage was at a discounted price.	Price	0
I am really pleased with the service that I have received.	Service	1
Customer service is fantastic, getting glasses and contacts is easy and convient.	Service	1
I highly recommend this location if you are ever in the need for these type of services.	Service	1
Great service, they drive you home in your own car! Pay them to not get killed or arrested.	Service	1
I used designated drivers last Saturday after a night out and I was very impressed with the service.	Service	1
I will continue using this service, great company, great drivers	Service	1
Excellent customer service from the time you walk in to the time you leave.Dr Ashtiani is so caring and kind.	Service	1
He has exceptional price plans and no ripoffs.	Price	0
Incredible price and easy to schedule.	Price	0
Ok, so I don't typically leave reviews for doctors BUT this place has to be put on blast for its amazing customer service and truly qualified doctors.	Service	1
I was super impressed with the service from the first call in to make an appointment to the actual visit.	Service	1
There prices are very reasonable.	Price	0
Excellent service! It was pretty late in the day but she was still patiently registering people and was extremely nice and courteous to everyone even though she was close to closing.	Service	1
Great individualized service, you feel they really care.	Service	1
Standley and his staff are all very personable and provide excellent service.	Service	1
Great service, I went to Med-Cure Internal Medicine  for my yearly physical.	Service	1
Great people, great prices and the service was fast!	Price	0
He is extremely well priced.	Price	0
The prices seem to be a fair for the procedures I need.	Price	0
She offers great deals and is very reasonably priced given the absolute quality of her treatments.	Price	0
The selection of frames are amazing and their prices on contacts are very competitive.	Price	0
The prices at Walmart was reasonable, The Ray Ban, combination metal and plastic frames were $170 and $180 for transitional lenses, price out the door was $382.	Price	0
The service and the professionalism of both Chris and Docotor Morley is Amazing!	Price	0
They stand behind their products and service and will always provide you the best care and service possible!	Price	0
The service is always great and they have a solid selection of modern eyewear.	Price	0
Every visit the service exceeded my expectations.	Price	0
I am very impressed with the service and his young but very knowledgeable and professional staff.	Price	0
Very happy with the service and the care my daughter has received here.	Price	0
Great service and prices for people with no insurance, will be back as a regular patient	Price	0
Their customer service was great as well.	Price	0
Accommodating, professional, efficient, caring, amazing customer service.	Price	0
Professional service that made me feel comfortable while working on my issues.	Price	0
Thank you for your amazing service and taking care of me!	Price	0
I highly recommend Swing Orthopedic for PT services.	Price	0
I highly recommend him to anyone who may need his services and will be referring people to him!	Price	0
Great experience at his office and looking forward to using his services in the near future.	Price	0
Have been going here a few years and they have had exceptional service and quality every time!	Price	0
They took the time to explain everything to me and had an awesome variety!	Price	0
This place has the best customer service and the most friendly staff.	Price	0
The service was wonderful, there was no wait time at all, the staff and the NP that I saw were very friendly and professional, and of course the price was agreeable.	Price	0
His office staff are great, too! They are organized, kind and always provide great service.	Price	0
Amazing service and knowledgeable staff!	Price	0
They took there time had great customer service and were very nice.	Price	0
Their price is very good so I highly recommed you sign up for their membership.	Price	0
Hot knowledgable staff and reasonable prices on the best products in town.	Price	0
I was treated to an excellent facial, arm and hand massage, and all for a reasonable price.	Price	0
Friendly, on time and reasonably priced.	Price	0
They have very reasonable prices and don't jip you on time like a lot of the chains who start your 60 minutes when you walk in the front door.	Price	0
Offers a great price and he & his wife are always kind and caring.	Price	0
He is very accommodating with your scheduling needs and fairly priced.	Price	0
Great selection and I think everything was priced well too.	Price	0
You can get a better price on frames via Costco or the internet, but I will say that the service technicians in-house are pleasant and can order a wide variety of frames.	Price	0
They have a wonderful staff and offer the best prices.	Price	0
Alive has the best prices in town and she will open your eyes to so many healthy living tips and practices.	Price	0
Great place for all, affordable prices for cash patients, open Saturday can't beat that	Price	0
I was worried, but the price came in at a very small fraction of what others had told me.	Price	0
Great Price! Anna is awesome this is a gem of a place in Delray Beach.	Price	0
Prices are reasonable and compared to other places in the area, substantially appropriate.	Price	0
He s not cheap, but I suppose quality work comes at reasonable price.	Price	0
Their prices are reasonable and their staff are pleasant to work with.	Price	0
The prices for her place were very reasonably priced.	Price	0
Easy to deal with and fair prices.	Price	0
The prices are very reasonable, the massage is very therapeutic, and they are very professional.	Price	0
The office staff is very friendly and efficient, and the prices are very reasonable.	Price	0
The prices are very reasonable, especially when compared to other highly advertised programs out there.	Price	0
Also, their prices were well below the other optical places we visited as well.	Price	0
Not only is Tim friendly and reasonably priced, he is a MASTER at his craft.	Price	0
Prices are reasonable and well rounded number of products.	Price	0
They have a small, but amazing selection of the most fashion forward frames at great prices.	Price	0
Very reasonable priced and great customer service!	Price	0
Concierge medicine is a fantastic service delivery model and the breadth and depth of the care is well worth the price.	Price	0
It's so reasonably priced and they massage you from head to toe.	Price	0
It has the best prices for botox, a knowledgeable and friendly Doctor injects it and discusses the procedure with you AND it LASTS!	Price	0
Also, the prices are really reasonable!	Price	0
She's fair priced and cares, she's super sweet and an up in coming in the spa world, I see major potential in her future if u give her a chance and not listen to one chick on yelp that had all her friends post too.	Price	0
They have a small, but amazing selection of the most fashion forward frames at great prices.	Price	0
Raoufi and her staff made me feel so comfortable and best of all I got a beautiful smile for an affordable price.	Price	0
They do a great job and prices are very reasonable.	Price	0
Extremely cost efficient also because they have low prices and payment plans on top of that.	Price	0
The service was great and the price competitive.	Price	0
It is a great place with reasonable prices.	Price	0
Very good prices excellent customer service it's highly recommended.	Price	0
Their prices seemed to be reasonable.	Price	0
I would encourage you to beware of going to see anybody else just because they offer a lower price.	Price	0
His prices are also very reasonable, which doesn't make it impossible to go as often as I need.	Price	0
Definitely will be back as it's convenient (hours are great) and reasonably priced for the services offered!	Price	0
The price point is always good, so I want to try more services from them.	Price	0
The prices are reasonable, plus they are running very good promotions right now.	Price	0
Amazing prices, clean and awesome staff.	Price	0
The prices are better than other places in town for fingerprinting.	Price	0
Plus he has very reasonable & fair good prices and worked with me especially compared to many dentist out here (and I've reviewed dozens...) and especially if you already have a dental plan it helps alot.	Price	0
just a great massage at a great price with friendly service.	Price	0
I was also surprised the price was very reasonable.	Price	0
This team is the best around and the prices are very reasonable when you come here you get more then just a quick fix.	Price	0
I highly recommend visiting them, their locals prices are amazing!	Price	0
Whether treating an injury or just routine maintenance, Dr Garfield provides an awesome service at a reasonable price.	Price	0
They are also extremely reasonably priced so you can keep up on your dental health without breaking the bank.	Price	0
I thought the price was very reasonable and would come back if I was in the area.	Price	0
Le does fantastic work at very reasonable prices.	Price	0
Best massage my husband has ever had ever! Came to our home and was so reasonably priced.	Price	0
He explains all your options, gives you reasonable prices and only recommends what should be done.	Price	0
A great massage for a great price.	Price	0
The prices are also very fair compared  to other companies I have seen.	Price	0
His prices are way affordable and he will work with you as a cash pay, an auto accident, or anything and explains it all to you up front.	Price	0
Fantastic customer service with reasonable prices.	Price	0
I did purchase a pack of 3 which I found very reasonably priced.	Price	0
She is kind and caring and provides top-notch service at an excellent price.	Price	0
Her office is serine, professional, and reasonably priced.	Price	0
Excellent service and the attention was extraordinary, Maria was very kindly and explained to me the procedures with my insurance before attending my appointment.	Service	1
He is a very patient guy and he really loves to do his job, and those are the best people for customer service.	Service	1
I have not regretted it and have sent many people to them over the last two years because I am confident they will provide a great service just like they had done for me.	Service	1
I know when my service is outstanding!	Service	1
an excellent service, Greg Cares, and is fully present, his style of physiotherapy WORKS!	Service	1
I have seen him several times and highly recommend his services.	Service	1
Highly recommend this place for top notch service and patient care.	Service	1
I came in with challenges stemming from sitting too much and soreness from summer hiking and mountain sports - and I left feeling great, and very happy with the overall experience and customer service.	Service	1
The housekeeping and food service employees were all polite and friendly.	Service	1
Definitely the best customer service I have received at any pharmacy!	Service	1
However, their service was great, from the handwritten thank you's, to the gift bag complete with cup and lipgloss, I was sold.	Service	1
And Cecilia, receptionist\/ office manager, she is the nicest person ever and has great customer service skills.	Service	1
Thanks for your wonderful service!	Service	1
Very patient, comforting, great customer service, and no complications.	Service	1
Love Lani and her services! Very relaxing and comfortable environment.	Service	1
The service is in his office is great and all of the staff are very nice and helpful should you have any questions.	Service	1
Logan and he was actually out of town for a conference but was able to direct us to the closes urgent care which provided us great service.	Service	1
As someone who has worked with many chiropractors in the past I can tell you that his knowledge, treatment, and level of service is so far beyond that of any other chiropractor I have dealt with!	Service	1
I am so pleased with the services here.	Service	1
Fast, friendly service! I had to get a wellness test for work and the woman working was so nice and helpful.	Service	1
they have great customer service, seem to always be able to get you when you need it, and do not make you wait forever like a lot of places.	Service	1
If this is any indication of the service anyone going to her they can expect nothing but first class service.	Service	1
So glad I got to experience excellent customer service and care at your office.	Service	1
Service was excellent and exceptional!	Service	1
She worked my back and gave me really awesome service.	Service	1
I will continue to use his services.	Service	1
5 stars for Such amazing service from my nurse kris was so nice she made me feel real comfortable and came here early.	Service	1
Customer service is just amazing!	Service	1
I highly recommend his services.	Service	1
She loved the staff and services there.	Service	1
Great customer service from terrific people.	Service	1
Exxelent doctor and service, very professional,  he takes time with each patient and explains things well, clean office as well	Service	1
The care and service I receive here is better than any I have experienced in any business.	Service	1
All in all, 5-star service and i'm so delighted to have found such a great new dentist!	Service	1
I've always been happy with the service there.	Service	1
She provides the absolute best customer service and I will continue to go back especially for her.	Service	1
The most unexpected and exceptional service that was provided however happened post surgery about two hours later when a valid prescription for pain medication issued by Dr.	Service	1
I came to him after a nightmare dentist and was extremely pleased with the service and his expertise.	Service	1
Awesome place, awesome people and very good service for a very affordable cost.	Service	1
It has great walk in services and patient services with a functional website.	Service	1
I'm very grateful to him and his wonderful staff for the service provided.	Service	1
I think that's a great service.	Service	1
Both are very caring individuals who provide great service!	Service	1
Julia is great - she listens well and gave great service, she even offered to redo anything if I was unhappy with my treatment after I got home, which I wasn't.	Service	1
She is a bit pricier than other places I've been too, but I think it's worth it because her room is very clean and she provides great service.	Service	1
FANTASTIC SERVICE TO GO WITH A GREAT ATMOSPHERE, LOCATION AND FAIR PRICES!!!	Service	1
Staff is super friendly and service was quick.	Service	1
Excellent Technique, Quality service,  top customer service and great value.	Service	1
I receive better service than my primary care provider.	Service	1
Great service, friendly and always on-time.	Service	1
Everyone did such an amazing job and the service was great.	Service	1
Definitely the best customer service I have received at any pharmacy!	Service	1
Great, helpful, efficient service.	Service	1
Compared to my nightmare experience with Life Labs, this is great service, no lines up and no pain.	Service	1
I am really happy with this wal mart pharmacy the service was awesome	Service	1
Exceptional service from when you're greeted at the door to eye exam and choosing frames.	Service	1
I will always appreciate the service that they gave my family!	Service	1
I would highly recommend her services to anyone.	Service	1
I need a place that can perform a great deal of services under one roof.	Service	1
I highly recommend this business for smooth, efficient and friendly service.	Service	1
Still awesome service  and great staff still receiving the treatment i expect and deserve	Service	1
Thank you Rose for providing great customer service!	Service	1
Don't let the big chain name fool you - America's Best provides good service at a great price.	Service	1
I highly recommend their service, the environment they cultivate of patience, encouragement, and honest diligence (on both mine and their part).	Service	1
I highly recommend their services!	Service	1
My wife and I both used their services and have been satisfied.	Service	1
Great service, followed up, helped with plans, explained everything, accurate and cares for his customers.	Service	1
They have a full service equipment room where you can purchase anything you may have forgot or a something with Master Toddy's name on it.	Service	1
Good place, very nice staff, personal training available, classes...all reasonably priced, and not overcrowded.	Price	0
It's a really convenient location, and I feel like I'm getting a great gym for a really good price.	Price	0
You really can't beat the price for monthly membership.	Price	0
The price is spot on and the flexibility with memberships can't be beat.	Price	0
Billy was also prior service and they offer a very nice discount to service members!	Service	1
I have been in customer service for a long time and have experience the worst and the best types of service, Crysanne is certainly one of the best experiences I have had in the fitness industry.	Service	1
This welcoming studio with a great location, reasonable prices and accommodating class times makes it a no brainer!	Price	0
I really like the level of service I get with Christina - highly personable and very easy going!	Service	1
Great coffee, friendly service and a very interesting atmosphere.	Service	1
Full service facility (towels, shower stuff, etc).	Service	1
The staff is friendly, the studio is clean and organized, the prices are fairly standard for the area, and the other attendees are friendly.	Price	0
I didn't really know what to expect but the service was quite good.	Service	1
They're super reasonably priced and seem to have quite a few monthly specials.	Price	0
Tribe Barre is by far the CLEANEST, most friendly and most reasonably priced place I have found.	Price	0
From the start the customer service was helpful.	Service	1
I highly recommend to any of my friends and family for hair or spa services.	Service	1
They offer plenty of services there including hair, nails, massages, facials, etc.	Service	1
The prices are amazing for what you get and all in all, it's a lot of great services that at any other gym will cost you over 100$ a month and the prices here are more than half of that.	Service	1
I plan on working with her well into the future and fully recommend her services.	Service	1
4) Their customer service is top notch!	Service	1
Normally I would expect to pay an extra fee for the complimentary towell service, convenience items, steam room, and showers.	Service	1
Overall, for the price, it's enough plus some for what I need.	Price	0
It has a WIDE variety of classes and services and has high end and versatile equipment.	Service	1
Once I was  in the locker room I got to enjoy towel service (because I ALWAYS forget a towel ) and many other free toiletries .	Service	1
Great 24 hr fitness center at a very reasonable price!	Price	0
This gym has every equipment needed for a great workout and enough equipments for everyone , open 24h from Monday to Friday there is no excuse to miss my workout, friendly service and geez people are fit & get u going!	Service	1
Beautiful rooms, great heat, friendly community, great service and good teaching staff.	Service	1
great customer service, location, and equipment :) Highly recommend if you are looking to get a quick workout in for lunch.	Service	1
Price is also very fair.	Price	0
I was pleased with the service.	Service	1
Their installers are employees of the store, not contracted out, so you're getting quality service throughout the process.	Service	1
But the location is always clean, offers lots of equipment and is always adding new services and classes.	Service	1
Great prices and family friendly.	Price	0
We called and were provided excellent customer service by Adam.	Service	1
This gym had everything we needed for a complete workout at a very reasonable price, including plenty of cardio equipment, strength training machines, squat rack, smith press, cables, free weights etc.	Price	0
Oh by the way it is super reasonably prices to take the class.	Price	0
Great prices and services and convenient hours and location.	Service	1
The reason for joining was because I was looking for something close, nice equipment, and reasonably priced.	Price	0
the prices are pretty standard for a private yoga studio, and they have spinning.	Price	0
They're very professional, and the customer service is great.	Service	1
- Reasonable prices	Price	0
Service	Service	1
Best yoga studio I've been to, and they offer great prices!	Price	0
The price was very reasonable and to be honest seeing the way my wife smiled I would have paid 3x the price.	Price	0
All your fitness needs with a good price!	Price	0
It's convenient, reasonably priced, has a friendly staff, and is without all the unnecessary frills that I was paying for at my last gym.	Price	0
They have retail at a very reasonable price too, I love to rep great studios and get compliments on my tank top (\"I totally Lagree\") on the back.	Price	0
They allowed me a 3 day pass for a reasonable price.	Price	0
It is the perfect workout with a great price point.	Price	0
You'll be doing your future self an enormous service.	Service	1
The one thing that you'll remember more than the burn is the excellent motivational customer service.	Service	1
Price was totally worth it ($50pp for private 90mins session, could have done 120mins if we wanted).	Price	0
They have a huge variety of cardio equipment, indoor running\/walking track, squash courts, basketball courts, free weights and machines as well as a shake shop and full service restaurant.	Service	1
One of the BEST values for a full service clean luxurious gym in downtown Toronto.	Service	1
The price is reasonable for classes, especially if you partake in the twice weekly option.	Price	0
When looking for a new service I always check Yelp first.	Service	1
I can always walk in and be greeted with a smile and great customer service!	Service	1
Also I love that I can train as much as I need to without a contract at the most reasonable price.	Price	0
Overall impress with the walls and service!	Service	1
Very little stress, excellent service & friendly staff!	Service	1
price is good, flat 10 bucks a class, however they only accept cash.	Price	0
Customer Service is impeccable here.	Service	1
Price is way affordable.	Price	0
The prices are great, the staff is amazing, and what can I say, it's near and convenient for me.	Price	0
Prices are reasonable and many different class times offered.	Price	0
They also offer a variety of services that are similar to a spa, which give it the over all \"club\" feel.	Service	1
No frills or games being played with customers just good service and training.	Service	1
That's the kind of customer service every store needs.	Service	1
The price is excellent and very competitive to other gyms.	Price	0
She is thorough and does not rush through her services.	Service	1
Great prices to for the time you get to hit!	Price	0
The costs are reasonable and very competitive for the services they provide.	Service	1
The prices are definitely right and the store is also willing to negotiate on used equipment prices.	Price	0
#5 - Price - This is a better choice for me than paying for an unqualified personal trainer or \"coach\" $50 an hour at one of the commercial gyms.	Price	0
Great service and very approachable staff	Service	1
I can't believe how having a custom daily workout with a personal trainer can be so economically priced.	Price	0
Christophe at the front desk	Service	1
Boasting a knowledgable and professional staff, any inquiries regarding  use of equipment and availability of other services are quickly answered.	Service	1
I have referred her services to many of my friends and will continue to go to her.	Service	1
The people and owner make it well worth the price.	Price	0
Their price are also affordable and well worth the class content that is provided.	Price	0
Their customer service is fabulous!	Service	1
I will definitely be taking part in some of the other services as well.	Service	1
The owners are chill and fantastic, really good customer service and super helpful.	Service	1
Prices are extremely reasonable and he is flexible with his schedule.	Price	0
I have been very happy from customer service to the workouts to cleanliness.	Service	1
Besides all that, the prices they offer for memberships are pretty affordable which is great.	Price	0
I am super satisfied with their customer service and my family and I are Happy to have joined.	Service	1
All classes are available to you with your membership, there's free towel service, clean bathrooms, a clean changing area, eucalyptus sauna, regular sauna, and jacuzzi bath.	Service	1
Overall, great service and great amenities!	Service	1
Awesome customer service.	Service	1
I appreciate the club and the excellence in customer service.	Service	1
I feel like I'm getting a great gym for a great price and its really convenient!	Price	0
Anne is an incredibly skilled, fun and experienced personal trainer and I highly recommend her service.\"	Service	1
Reasonable price for monthly rates.	Price	0
truly great customer service and thank you Karen for making me feel like I'm still a part of the Inner Fire community.	Service	1
He provides numerous services and insights at his establishment and events around the city.	Service	1
No frills salon and lovely service.	Service	1
i can't speak to any other services but despite being a modest location and a family run, casual environment, it's still clean and thats all that really matters to me.	Service	1
The price was good and the class schedule fit with me perfectly.	Price	0
For one the price is awesome $10 for a single membership or you could do $20 dollars and go to any You Fit around.	Price	0
Because when I came in the service was awesome.	Service	1
Prices are very reasonable.	Price	0
\"I loved the service!	Service	1
I'm very happy with both services.	Service	1
Prices are reasonable and the location can't be beat!	Price	0
Great location in the Scottsdale Airpark and Great Prices.	Price	0
Great staff, great environment, and great prices.	Price	0
Awesome yoga at a reasonable price.	Price	0
The owner and teachers are awesome, and memberships are the best price you'll find.	Price	0
There are classes for all yogi levels at reasonable prices including a new student $10 special.	Price	0
On top of that, the facility is VERY clean (including the rental gloves) and customer service is great.	Service	1
Everything from the facilities, to the trainers, to the workouts, to the price is awesome.	Price	0
If you are just visiting like me, drop in and enjoy a customized workout at a very reasonable price (my class was just $20).	Price	0
The prices are relatively reasonable.	Price	0
I have joined under the two week trial pass and received a pair of gloves, wraps and a gym bag - all for a great price.	Price	0
The prices are affordable compared to other studios in the area, and I can't wait to add Club Pilates classes to my weekly exercise routine!	Price	0
Prices are very reasonable for long or short stays (they have weekly passes).	Price	0
Also prices are pretty reasonable and affordable	Price	0
Best priced gym I have ever used.	Price	0
4\/5 bumped up for the great customer service and friendliness of the staff.	Service	1
Service 5\/5 the staff are awesome!	Service	1
Very relaxed environment, hours are great, prices are reasonable.	Price	0
If you want a local gym at a great price you can go wrong with this PF.	Price	0
Bruce's price was extremely reasonable considering he spent his time in his hands and knees scrubbing each tile.	Price	0
The services provided at Fitwall are top notch	Service	1
This location had a few more people (not too much) so I really liked this hospitality and this little touch to make me feel more at home.	Service	1
This is an affordable studio price wise, one of the cheapest.	Price	0
His prices were fair, and he was easy to work with.	Price	0
Impressive, personalised service and a super efficient workout.	Service	1
This gym is very reasonably priced, with very good employees that beat you to the bone, but you only feel it after because you're having such a good time.	Price	0
Pretty good location, great customer service and staff.	Service	1
I would highly recommend his services to anyone who is serious about improving their skills and having a great time.	Service	1
The membership prices are also very reasonable for what you get.	Price	0
I received exceptional customer service here, especially from Daniel.	Service	1
Matt was extremely hospitable to us out-of-towners.	Service	1
Not only was he a great coach, he also gave us recommendations of places to dine in the city - super hospitable!	Service	1
Everyone is so nice and helpful and the prices are very reasonable.	Price	0
Thanks for the great customer service!	Service	1
Training package prices are very reasonable.	Price	0
Good crossfit staff and the price is the best ever in the valley.	Price	0
It offers class packages at $150 for 10 classes, $80 for 5, or $280 for 20 classes which I think is an excellent price especially in comparison to other fitness studios that offer similar classes in the downtown core area.	Price	0
I like that the prices are super affordable, especially when compared to the membership fees for some other studios.	Price	0
Prices are reasonable for dance\/ fitness in the Phoenix area and I hope I can take in a Yoga or Zumba class myself one day soon!	Price	0
The monthly price is fantastic, no contracts, and the program itself is incredible.	Price	0
Price and packages are very affordable.	Price	0
It's not a chain so they really care about your well being and have always given me great customer service.	Service	1
Prices were fair and it was done in a day.	Price	0
Finally, the intro option is amazing price wise.	Price	0
The price is reasonable too!	Price	0
Quality training, and fair prices.	Price	0
SCCF was close to my house, the price was great, and a friend from school went there and he loved it.	Price	0
The massage therapists are amazing and they have expanded to offer more services.	Service	1
Great schedule offerings, reasonable price that is less than a certain national chain, and the vibe is back!	Price	0
The price is right and the membership includes a number of fun and challenging exercise classes throughout the week!	Price	0
The class passes come in various size packages and are reasonable in price.	Price	0
John and Colby - thanks for your hospitality and will definitely drop in again when I'm in town.	Service	1
Basically, everything that I personally could ask for in a club, at a very good price.	Price	0
Small class sizes and reasonable prices set it apart from other Crossfit gyms in the area.	Price	0
Keep up the great service!	Service	1
You will get a high quality workout that is very well-priced in a comfortable low-key studio environment.	Price	0
Stacey responding to the review, mistakes can happen to anyone but correcting them and standing behind your company shows excellent customer service.	Service	1
I am grateful for, and have benefited from, your work and service.	Service	1
The price is reasonable, and there are machines, weights, and space always available.	Price	0
There is great customer service.	Service	1
They offered a reasonable price to start their \"On-Ramp\" class so I decided to finally give it a shot.	Price	0
Because of the amazing service I have received, I have been successful in my goals.	Service	1
Prices for memberships are very reasonable.	Price	0
I don't know of any other studio that can match that price structure that offers the quality of services.	Service	1
Their prices are reasonable for the value of the service they provide.	Price	0
Peloton is a very welcoming place with kind and skilled instructors, good quality classes and equipment, conveniently located for me, and reasonably priced especially when I get passes on sale.	Price	0
The gym is nice, the prices are fair, and Arturo seems to care about his members and the community in general.	Price	0
Glad I found such a reasonable priced gym.	Price	0
The customer service at UEC is also the best I've experienced.	Service	1
Yes, the building is older as one reviewer put it, but the membership price is really reasonable and it's clean.	Price	0
The front desk have always answered all of my questions and always works with all the members to provide good, quality customer service.	Service	1
The prices are totally reasonable, especially for small class sizes.	Price	0
I Spent three months working out with him and saw great results at a reasonable price.	Price	0
I highly recommend her services; they are top notch and this girl knows what she is doing!	Service	1
The service was so good that I actually felt like I was at my home studio, very comfortable.	Service	1
The price is definitely worth the amount of health & personalized attention you get!	Price	0
By far and away these are the best Zumba classes I've ever taken and for a great price.	Price	0
Best customer service I received in a very long time.	Service	1
Prices are reasonable and within market value.	Price	0
Plus, it's one of the best priced crossfit gyms in the valley.	Price	0
Her regular prices are extremely reasonable for what you get out of the experience.	Price	0
The price is extremely affordable and I love the month to month contract option you don't get at most other gyms.	Price	0
Thank you for your excellent hospitality.	Service	1
The customer service here is fantastic!	Service	1
The atmosphere is warm and welcoming, the level of service is outstanding, and the prices are extremely low.	Service	1
GREAT customer service, love the girl that works at the front desk LOL	Service	1
Great facility and service!	Service	1
The management team run a fantastic gym and give great service..	Service	1
The customer service has always been great for me.	Service	1
Once again I received top notch service!	Service	1
Great customer service and it's rare to find gyms this clean and also with 4 restrooms\/showers.	Service	1
I love its vibe, I love its services, I love its people.	Service	1
Thanks for the wonderful hospitality!	Service	1
The academy offers amazing services for women who are wanting to learn how to play or getting back into the game.	Service	1
Thanks for the hospitality, CrossFit Crew!	Service	1
The service was friendly, and the prices are lower than what they ought to be.	Service	1
The service was friendly, and the prices are lower than what they ought to be.	Price	0
They offer drop in sessions on Tuesday nights in the pool for a great price so it's nice that you can continue practicing even after the course is completed to make sure you are comfortable when you get into open water.	Price	0
I thought this course was a overall a great value for the price and would recommend it to anyone who is interested in learning to scuba dive!	Price	0
The service was friendly, and the prices are lower than what they ought to be.	Price	0
I've been to a lot of stables with lease and training programs in the east valley and for the price this is bar far the best!	Price	0
There were sooo many pieces to choose from, and prices were affordable.	Price	0
I wish there were services this reliable and stellar in NYC and LA!	Service	1
It also helps that there are reasonable prices, and totally worth it!	Price	0
And the prices are cheaper then all the other ones in the area.	Price	0
Their curriculum is great and you cannot beat the price.	Price	0
The customer service was great from start to finish.	Service	1
Great service and friendly.	Service	1
The prices are right ad the staff is phenomenal.	Price	0
Clean school, good service, fun events, caring staff.	Service	1
Reasonable prices, super fast delivery(1.5 hours from my online order), they added a balloon at no cost.	Price	0
Also the prices here are very competitive to other daycares in the area and we've switched several parents on to this place.	Price	0
The facility is also very clean, and best of all its reasonably priced.	Price	0
Their service is also amazing.	Service	1
Prices are lower, possibly to reflect it is a school.	Price	0
And if that isn't good enough their prices are the best out there.	Price	0
The service is good, and the staff is very friendly.	Service	1
The place is organized and the price is extremely reasonable for the kind of care you receive which is 5 stars.	Price	0
The customer service from the call into schedule a tour to the front desk and teachers is outstanding!	Service	1
Finding a good tutor at a reasonable price was a nightmare.	Price	0
Well worth the price of lessons.	Price	0
Their daily featured backed goods are reasonable prices.	Price	0
I would recommend using her services if your child is struggling in school.	Service	1
Prices are reasonable..	Price	0
The price is reasonable with respect to its location, where you will find great convenience if you study at U of T.	Price	0
If you are looking for a preschool with a reasonable price you should call them.	Price	0
All in all,  Twin Translations and its owners have proven to be one of the best language services providers in Las Vegas, providing an always corteous and professional quality service.	Service	1
Excellent customer service Mike is an awesome guy.	Service	1
Finding a good tutor at a reasonable price was a nightmare.	Price	0
Mike is super easy to work with, has a great price for FFL transfers, and an incredibly knowledgeable guy overall for anything imaginable.	Price	0
You get so much by sending your child to this school, at an extremely reasonable price.	Price	0
Best price, got us scheduled quickly, and the instructor gave our daughter the driving test so she didn't have to do it at MVD.	Price	0
The benefit to parents with this model is a better price point then one on one tutoring.	Price	0
Their prices were very reasonable.	Price	0
what made the experience over the top was the awesome customer service.	Service	1
Excellent,professional service	Service	1
Great service, good price, close to home!	Service	1
Great service, good price, close to home!	Price	0
Really great customer service!	Service	1
Superb retail shop with fair prices and it helps to know that the retail selection helps birds in need.	Price	0
The real star here is the staff and services offered.	Service	1
It felt like a real salon experience with a great price!	Price	0
There are a tremendous amount of service opportunities available for all ages.	Service	1
They also always have a great stock of used instruments, fairly priced.	Price	0
The prices here are also great compared to others in the area.	Price	0
I would recommend their services to anyone.	Service	1
Their prices are good and their service far surpasses what you would receive at a police station.	Service	1
Their prices are good and their service far surpasses what you would receive at a police station.	Price	0
In my view, KNIFE is the best shop and service in town.	Service	1
Friendly staff and great service!	Service	1
The service at Knife was professional.	Service	1
We definitely would use their services again.	Service	1
The price is very reasonable and the staff is very friendly, recommended for all ages.	Price	0
It's a great service approach based on a professional who respects his craft and customers.	Service	1
Price is verry affordable and cheaper than other schools I've contacted.	Price	0
Excellent service, extremely professional...	Service	1
Kevin reviewed the options available and made it easy for me to choose the best service.	Service	1
Not having to worry about guests getting drinks was well worth the price, which I thought was very fair anyway.	Price	0
Their Ice Service was well worth the cost.	Service	1
Very good value, affordable price.	Price	0
The service component of the message is nice to hear and there are always local and international programs that are in need of assistance.	Service	1
Superb customer service - everyone from the person who booked our party, the reception, the game marshall - were nothing short of FAN-tastic!	Service	1
Since the items are so reasonably priced we don't pay much attention to the dates on items.	Price	0
Our spa gave us students first hands on experience and offered public very affordable and high quality service.	Service	1
Great entertainment at a cost effective price.	Price	0
Price was reasonable, and we will be using Shake It Up (and requesting Chris) for other medium-to-large parties we throw.	Price	0
The bar was an open bar, and he remembered everyone's drinks, had amazing customer service, and did a great job with no tip jar.	Service	1
Price is good, the exhibits well set up, and even if you don't care in the least about sports or Canada's athletes, it's a very fun place to visit.	Price	0
The prices & schedules are fair, flexible and hassle free.	Price	0
Everything was great with the service.	Service	1
He does awesome and great service!	Service	1
I would highly recommend Chris for computer repair and service.	Service	1
They will fix any problem you have at a fair price.	Price	0
I have a feeling this place will soon be very popular, and won't need the great prices.	Price	0
I would recommend his services to anyone taking their test soon!	Service	1
Prices are great and made shooting interactive.	Price	0
Paula is always eager to help and has outstanding customer service!	Service	1
Super nice facility, great store, very good prices and the best of all, I love the dog!	Price	0
I was pleased with my services  I will come back again next year.	Service	1
It was very easy to schedule and very reasonably priced.	Price	0
They provide all the supplies for such a affordable price and the best part; YOU CAN BRING YOUR OWN ALCOHOL!	Price	0
Highly recommend their services!	Service	1
I was very pleased with my service.	Service	1
He made the transaction very easy and the prices are very reasonable.	Price	0
The guest services explained everything perfectly, I think Colton, he was very welcoming.	Service	1
Trans Canada driving school offers the best quality teaching and prices are good.	Price	0
Audrey is reasonably priced and very, very accommodating.	Price	0
It's a community theater and prices are affordable for everyone.	Price	0
She also loved the service aspect of the trip and especially loved the Rustic staff onsite in Costa Rica.	Service	1
We didn't use Groupon, but the class was 3 hours long and I felt the $45 per person price was completely reasonable.	Price	0
Also they have such a variety of classes for my daughter I look forward to enrolling her in voice or music at a very reasonable price.	Price	0
The price is cheap for the quality of instruction.	Price	0
And the price is actually quite affordable.	Price	0
The service was very professional and fast.	Service	1
Also it's a pretty good price for the classes she gets.	Price	0
The quality of the service was fantastic.	Service	1
I am so used to super-high priced daycares with mediocre service, but KidTown LV has already exceeded my expectations.	Price	0
Had a very relaxing time and the service was just so great and the staff is so very sweet and caring	Service	1
Also- the price is great (we spend as much a week as we would spend a day having someone come to the house).	Price	0
Their prices are very reasonable compared to other schools, plus it's locally owned and operated.	Price	0
This company goes above and beyond in the name of excellence in legal services.	Service	1
Great place to learn art at a reasonable price.	Price	0
The daycare is fairly priced and considerably cheaper than the overpriced Tudor Time down the street and doesn't have the \"prison\" feel the Suzy Mommy Bear does as well.	Price	0
I've always received great customer service and product advice from them.	Service	1
Great service owner and staff were really pleasant.	Service	1
Went in for a massage and facial extremely happy with both services	Service	1
They are super reasonably priced and their tutors are knowledgeable and courteous.	Price	0
Always satisfied with speed & service.	Service	1
I would absolutely recommend them and service they provide deserves 5 stars.	Service	1
The price was also very reasonable, and I've had my hair done not nearly as well for a lot more money in over-priced salons.	Price	0
Amazing acupuncture at reasonable prices!	Price	0
Nice acupuncture clinic, reasonably priced and  great healing atmosphere.A+++	Price	0
I could write a small novel regarding the top notch service from Alex\/Euvori Aquatics and the work he completed on my pool.	Service	1
Highly recommend  their services - always on time, courteous and available.	Service	1
Honestly this service is beyond incredible.	Service	1
I expect professionalism and compassion and I am completely satisfied with the services SW Autism & Behavioral  Solutions provides for my family.	Service	1
The RAL academy provides great value for the price.	Price	0
The items and craft kits for sale are very reasonably priced.	Price	0
Great local business proving a great service for people that need to improve their driving skills.	Service	1
Also compared to other classes in Dallas it was very reasonable priced.	Price	0
The enrollment was reasonably price and the daily rate was amazing.	Price	0
Fantastic little shop with outstanding customer service.	Service	1
Best place to get the best prices on your textbooks!	Price	0
Shop is clean and all the customers I saw seemed happy with the service.	Service	1
The prices are reasonable , center very kid friendly environment and my child really looks forward to going everyday  he has learned a lot in the short time he has been here and I'm happy and thankful I found this place the director is Awesome!	Price	0
Picked up my firearm transfer from Don at Arrow Security today and extremely happy with the friendly customer service and price.	Service	1
Picked up my firearm transfer from Don at Arrow Security today and extremely happy with the friendly customer service and price.	Price	0
This little restaurant offers  worldly cuisine for very affordable prices.	Price	0
I find the classes to be very reasonably priced, the studios are large and in good condition, and all of the staff is great.	Price	0
Will work with your insurance or cash at a very reasonable price.	Price	0
All at a reasonable price.	Price	0
I am grateful for their service!	Service	1
The young female students were so nice and  the  price is very inexpensive for such lovely services.	Service	1
No matter what the service is always good and prices cannot be beat!	Price	0
He offers in home training at a more than reasonable price.	Price	0
Super professional, reasonably priced and overall great people to do business with.	Price	0
They do 2 for 1 class deals which are such a good price for what you learn and you get to take home the product you make.	Price	0
They have the best price I have found in all of Phoenix.	Price	0
Price for the week was EXTREMELY reasonable.	Price	0
They issue the F-1 visas for full time students and you can also come as a tourist and watch the classes for a more affordable price.	Price	0
Upon my arrival I was greeted with outstanding customer service.	Service	1
Nice place, huge selection, good prices and a friendly staff.	Price	0
Staff is always friendly, knowledgeable, and provide immediate service.	Service	1
We were at Cirillos for a team building dinner, and I was thoroughly impressed by the interior (I WANT MY KITCHEN TO LOOK LIKE THIS), the warm welcome and the prompt friendly service.	Service	1
The have reasonable prices on ammo and a small selection of assessories.	Price	0
Rooms are clean and comfortable and the price is a great value.	Price	0
Megan the owner is great with the kids and she also has great customer service.	Service	1
I feel that you'll get the same knowledgeable service regardless of your instrument.	Service	1
Absolutely well worth the price, if you have any doubts just go for it, you will not regret it.	Price	0
The prices are fair, diapers and formula are included which adds a lot of value.	Price	0
The price and services available were reasonable.	Service	1
The price and services available were reasonable.	Price	0
You can not beat the price and the service.	Service	1
You can not beat the price and the service.	Price	0
I have no complaints about them and only praises for their professional and friendly service!	Service	1
The service was very thorough and she knew exactly what products she was putting on me and what they did for my skin (since I have sensitive skin) I'll definitely be coming back with her!	Service	1
Just signed my son up, the customer service was awesome!	Service	1
Outstanding service for a fair price!	Service	1
Outstanding service for a fair price!	Price	0
This school provides a well rounded education for any service professional or anyone new to the service industry.	Service	1
All in all, it's a fantastic price for high quality product and work.	Price	0
We have been using Las Vegas electrician since we moved here in 2009 we have had nothing but great service from every technician to come out and help us in our house we we can lighting ceiling fans new outlets put in in addition to having more wiring put in support our AC unit.	Service	1
I've found my match  I organize so many events for my company but no other caterer comes close when it comes to incentive menus, delicious food, superior service and fabulous decor design.	Service	1
Hands down superb service from start to finish.	Service	1
I appreciate the quality of service, and passion that exudes beyond the finished product.	Service	1
Prices are reasonable and snacks are cheap.	Price	0
I wanted a nail salon where I could enjoy the atmosphere and conversation AND get a great service.	Service	1
Also, prices are reasonable for the quality.	Price	0
The lunches served by an outside contractor are excellent as is the service provided by the ammunition supplier.	Service	1
For the price and the awesomeness of the instructors, it's worth it!	Price	0
Thanks for a wonderful day and an unforgettable and priceless experience.	Price	0
And the prices are amazingly  affordable for what you get compared to what I've found other places to be at.	Price	0
Best service I have ever received from a nail salon.	Service	1
Price is great and my daughter loves Kiddie Kampus.	Price	0
My son has so much fun here and it is a reasonable price too!	Price	0
Great Gym for family at affordable price.	Price	0
I was getting pretty discouraged at the high prices of Chicago photographers, until we visited Bryan Swisher.	Price	0
I was thrilled that his prices are reasonable, he doesn't require that you sign up for expensive packages or albums upfront and his pictures are BEAUTIFUL.	Price	0
The school told me he is boy, he will catch up or he may qualify for special services.	Service	1
This is a great place to come and get good service where the instructors are always around.	Service	1
Most wedding photographers were out of our price range.	Price	0
Not only were his prices reasonable, he worked hard to make sure that the photos he took were what we wanted as a couple.	Price	0
The price is very accessible as breakfast and lunch are provided.	Price	0
Thankful for the price and the customer service and bedside manner.	Service	1
I'm very impressed with their services!	Service	1
I was pleased with my service and would go again.	Service	1
Great service,  I'm sure that without them my daughter wouldn't be driving yet.	Service	1
I highly recommend them for their cheer services!	Service	1
ALL services are FREE and patients are allowed one visit every 3-6 months.	Service	1
Thank you Carrington College for making this such a wonderful and valuable service!	Service	1
They're all very knowledgeable about their goods and services.	Service	1
They have the excellent customer service.	Service	1
I will start off by saying I've had nothing but great service!	Service	1
Her students give great services from a mani down to a pedi.	Service	1
The service is always great and they're so so friendly (especially the location nearby the library).	Service	1
I especially like the service and staff.	Service	1
Their customer service is outstanding...	Service	1
His attention to detail and great service will keep me coming back.	Service	1
I've searched high and low for recert programs as discovered this company to have been the best option for me, excellent customer service and follow up, guidance to the proper course and pricing is extremely a bonus.	Service	1
Also, for the low price, the service is unbeatable!	Service	1
Their customer service is outstanding...	Service	1
I have had great service and after-sale service, but was dealing with 2 of the girls working there.	Service	1
The prices are also very fair...	Price	0
Best prices and best haircuts! I have had two haircuts here and am going back for a third very soon.	Price	0
The new manager Kelly also does facial services and very knowledgeable of her products, my friend had her face done and just loved it!	Service	1
Amazing service! If you want someone truly passionate about their craft Alexus is your girl! Her designs are always on point and you'll leave happy every time!	Service	1
The price is also very reasonable, which helps when you're hairy and on a STRICT budget!	Price	0
Fast service and understood customer's needs very well.	Service	1
Great service and she is fun too!	Service	1
The services aren't cheap, but they are top notch.	Service	1
They do an absolute fantastic job, very low prices and A+ customer service.	Price	0
I have been coming here for over a year now because of the service.	Service	1
I was really happy with the service at Icone.	Service	1
The atmosphere is really relaxing, and on Wednesday's, they have lots of services half price.	Service	1
I'd recommend her to anyone looking for color service.	Service	1
An inexpensive price for a great cut! If you are a regular guy (and don't need mimosas served as you wait for your cut) and need your hair cut at least monthly.	Price	0
All 3 services were perfect!	Service	1
Very friendly staff and fair prices.	Price	0
I definitely recommend coming here for friendly service and amazing hair!	Service	1
Also very affordable prices.	Price	0
I was very happy with my mani\/ pedi and the service was excellent.	Service	1
Great customer service and very accommodating.	Service	1
The price was cheap and the end result was acceptable.	Price	0
She has first time waxer deals, student discounts (go sundevils), and great prices!	Price	0
Haircuts are great and at a fair price.	Price	0
They were extremely friendly and kind here! Excellent service, fixed my broken nail and did an amazing job! Plus, so affordable!	Service	1
Fast service, the woman who did my hair was great and it was the cheapest hair cut I've ever gotten.	Service	1
Highly recommend her services.	Service	1
To top all this off, Exclusive's prices are extremely fair.	Price	0
You are personally pampered and receive a VERY high quality service every time.	Service	1
They also are experts in hair extensions and hair restoration should you need those services.	Service	1
It has the feel of a high end spa but the prices are affordable.	Price	0
Finally, found an amazing nail salon that gives great service, consistently.	Service	1
They all seem to be genuinely happy to service you.	Service	1
It's always clean, the prices are more than reasonable, and no matter who does your nails.	Price	0
Awesome service, great prices and just a fun place to hang out.\n\nEdit	Service	1
Awesome service, great prices and just a fun place to hang out.\n\nEdit	Price	0
I just left and had the most refreshing microdermabrasion service! 	Service	1
Her prices are great ($40 for a cut!), and she's very flexible when it comes to accomodating my schedule.	Price	0
Even the price was extremely reasonable.	Price	0
Nicely decorated and has great service.	Service	1
The prices are also very reasonable.	Price	0
Considering that the quality of service and atmosphere are so much better than the usual crappy salon, the prices at Exclusive are super reasonable.	Service	1
Considering that the quality of service and atmosphere are so much better than the usual crappy salon, the prices at Exclusive are super reasonable.	Price	0
I called around and researched quite a few places and was really pleased with the overall customer service and individual attention we received.	Service	1
Prices are more than reasonable.	Price	0
Great cx service.	Service	1
Ask for Serena if you want outstanding service and color.	Service	1
$36 for a mani-pedi is a good deal with fast, friendly service.	Service	1
My review is based in esthetics only as I have never tried their hair services.	Service	1
Raza was really kind and helpful, and gave me a brand new screen at an extremely reasonable price.	Price	0
My phone looks brand new and I'm really happy with the customer service here.	Service	1
I've gotten a majority of my tattoos here and was provided with the best service I've seen in the industry.	Service	1
Good friendly service.	Service	1
Price is very reasonable.	Price	0
But like finding a great restaurant, the service is at least equal to the quality of food.	Service	1
The new ownership makes you feel you got a good treat.	Service	1
A good price to get a haircut	Price	0
I went in to get a mani\/pedi and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of service.	Service	1
Firstly, amazing customer service everyone there seems very friendly, inviting and nice.	Service	1
Everyone once in a while you'll get a scalp massage from a hairdresser, and sometimes there's a TV on somewhere, but at MVP Modern Barbers there's also a complimentary drink (I assume coffee or cola) and a hot towel and straight razors and great service.	Service	1
For a great haircut at a decent price, and great priced hair products, I would definitely recommend Green Apple.	Price	0
We came here for the amazing price, but were keeping our expectations low.	Price	0
With such great prices, we were able to get a couple's 90 min massage.	Price	0
Her prices are very reasonable and she has great rapport with her customers.	Price	0
Best price in town for the best haircut in town.	Price	0
VIP prices very reasonable and no contract required.	Price	0
My manicure is one of my top five best ever (I've had a million) and they have wonderful customer service.	Service	1
From hair to massage, you will get fantastic service and results.	Service	1
Great experience, clean an neat nail job, ask for Annie she knows what shes doing and the lady before me had super cute nails also!!! Would return to shop, I live in another state but highly recommend her services!	Service	1
Very clean salon with great service!!	Service	1
So friendly, amazing customer service, just an absolute pleasure.	Service	1
Great price, amazing services, clean environment..	Service	1
We will definitely be coming back for both the very reasonable prices ($45 for a haircut - half the price of nearby salons) and the professional service.	Service	1
We will definitely be coming back for both the very reasonable prices ($45 for a haircut - half the price of nearby salons) and the professional service.	Price	0
I cannot speak enough for the skill, attention to detail, and out right great service I received! Barber Anthony edged up my son really well.	Service	1
This is a great Day spa with many other spa services.	Service	1
Great prices and very friendly services, always finds out exactly what you want upfront.	Service	1
Great prices and very friendly services, always finds out exactly what you want upfront.	Price	0
I am always happy with the services I receive.	Service	1
Great service, friendly staff, perfect hair cuts.	Service	1
And thank you Kent for your amazing service when Kim is away.	Service	1
The price is very reasonable and the people are really nice.	Price	0
Massage Life & Wellness is one offers one of the best massage services around.	Service	1
I've known Stephanie for a few years and she has been consistent in her professionalism, service, and passion for growing her knowledge around therapeutic & deep tissue massage.	Service	1
The staff is always friendly, the booking is a breeze and service is always professional.	Service	1
Good service and fair prices, this was the first place I've been to where the lady was able to read my body.	Service	1
Good service and fair prices, this was the first place I've been to where the lady was able to read my body.	Price	0
great location, fantastic service.	Service	1
Best Barbershop in Charlotte period, I've been going there for about 2 years now and it's always great service.	Service	1
Always fun and excellent service at Vanessa Nails.	Service	1
Staff is friendly and provide very good quality service.	Service	1
I just love it! And her prices are great.	Price	0
They offer many services and they are local friendly.	Service	1
Her price was excellent for the work, significantly cheaper than full-out salons and it comes with a real client\/stylist relationship with a really cool lady who's very much a people person.	Price	0
I would strongly her services for natural hair colors, funky colors, cuts, and I'm sure her makeup services are outstanding as well.	Service	1
Great service and friendly, skilled nail technicians.	Service	1
Great service and friendly costumer service.	Service	1
Good prices and very friendly!	Price	0
Prices are comparable to others in the area but I will continue to come here just for the good service and sanitary environment.	Service	1
He absolutely loved the treatment, attention and service.	Service	1
I love deluxe nails! Great price and the staff is friendly.	Price	0
Prices are about standard to other salons in the area.	Price	0
Staff are fun, professional and excellent at the services they provide.	Service	1
My trim was great value at a cheap price.	Price	0
The price was a bit much, but I know what Botox can cost over the cost of a year, so thanks to Danielle we were able to get the product at a very reasonable price.	Price	0
She clearly knows what she's doing and her prices are VERY reasonable.	Price	0
As a kicker, the price is really reasonable!	Price	0
My second tattoo there great place clean friendly good prices take time to listen to you on what you are wanting.	Price	0
The price is very affordable.	Price	0
Affordable and great quality service!!!	Service	1
He's reasonably priced and a wonderful stylist.	Price	0
I loved the service and the place was very clean and well kept.	Service	1
The price was comparable to most fills and I was in and out of there in no time.	Price	0
So, the next time I let her touch up the color on my hair and again, great job and great price.	Price	0
You never feel rushed, she makes sure that you're happy with the cut in progress, and the price can't be beat!	Price	0
When I first walked in my nails were horrible only this couple Tina and Kevin are the one who I can trust and the one who can take care of my nails super professionally great service great prices I don't think you can beat this place	Service	1
When I first walked in my nails were horrible only this couple Tina and Kevin are the one who I can trust and the one who can take care of my nails super professionally great service great prices I don't think you can beat this place	Price	0
Prices are reasonable & her professionalism & knowledge made me feel very comfortable.	Price	0
So happy with their customer service professionalism, manners, positive attitude.	Service	1
Service	Service	1
they really know their stuff! great prices and proffesional work.	Price	0
The facility is very clean and price very reasonable for high quality of service.	Price	0
Prices are very fair, work is excellent and workers are friendly and nice.	Price	0
But all in all I would definately recommend giving them a try and the prices are good.	Price	0
His prices are reasonable as well! Highly recommend.	Price	0
Excellent prices, friendly, I would recommend making a reservation.	Price	0
I will continue to go here as the service is friendly and the price is cost effective on my wallet!	Price	0
The price is reasonable, the staff is wonderful, parking is parking in Lawrenceville.	Price	0
They are nice, always smile when I come in, VERY reasonably priced (much better than all those 'pretenders' who SAY they are inexpensive) and quick - oh my gosh, the guy is fantastic!	Price	0
This is a great place with reasonable prices.	Price	0
Prices are reasonable & her professionalism & knowledge made me feel very comfortable.	Price	0
I've visited several salons in the cleveland area and this is by far the best quality- and it's extremely reasonably priced too!	Price	0
The prices are very reasonable.	Price	0
The prices are competitive and the staff is nice.	Price	0
If you're looking for a good, old school barber shop, with friendly folk, very reasonable prices, and consistently good haircutting, no matter which chair you land in, then look no further, Floyd's is your joint.	Price	0
Possibly the best haircut I've ever got in Calgary at a relatively inexpensive price point.	Price	0
The price was great too! I'll definitely be back!	Price	0
First time here and it was great!	Price	0
Jen was amazing! Not pushy, great prices, easy to talk to, and made me look and feel great! Will refer and come back!	Price	0
Prices are reasonable and sometimes they have $10 specials!	Price	0
Her prices are more than fair.	Price	0
Prices are good and they offer a number of services- nails shellac etc.	Price	0
Reasonable prices, high quality styling.	Price	0
she is very reasonably priced, and does a such a good job of making you feel so pretty.	Price	0
Prices are reasonable, the deluxe pedi is my favorite.	Price	0
Prices are reasonable and definitely a good deal for the end product.	Price	0
I would recommend her to anyone looking for a reasonably priced, extremely talented hair and makeup artist.	Price	0
Everyone in the salon is super friendly and the price is very reasonable.	Price	0
For women I thought their prices were quite reasonable.	Price	0
Prices are just like every other nail place, 5 stars for sure!	Price	0
Price are pretty much compatible with everybody else!	Price	0
Her prices are completely reasonable and she's super talented, definitely recommend!	Price	0
The prices are very affordable, I know this as I'm there ever week...	Price	0
And their prices are very reasonable, especially if you buy a package.	Price	0
The prices are good.	Price	0
Her prices were very reasonable and she does above and beyond quality work.	Price	0
Prices were decent.	Price	0
Very good prices $35 for my set!	Price	0
LIFE had the best prices in town and will beat all competitor prices.	Price	0
Her prices are very reasonable and her studio is clean.	Price	0
Price was nice too.	Price	0
Decent prices excellent service.	Price	0
Nice, clean place with affordable prices!	Price	0
I wouldn't go anywhere else!!! Jessica takes great care of my hair, very personable, and great prices.	Price	0
As for the prices, they are not expensive at all.	Price	0
Prices are fair and comparable to other salons, but I love how bright and clean Polished Salon is.	Price	0
Plus you can't beat the price.	Price	0
This place has good prices, great staff, and a fun place to be.	Price	0
First time here and my pedi was great and prices are reasonable.	Price	0
Best manicure and pedicure experience I've ever had, and for a good price.	Price	0
Added additional serivces which I am very pleased with the results.	Service	1
She has great customer service skills and makes you feel incredibly comfortable!	Service	1
I'm super impressed with the service I got here.	Service	1
Had great friendly service from Epsy today! Lots of great sales and ideas for clients Christmas gifts.	Service	1
Amazing service and very friendly hair stylists!	Service	1
Barb offers the highest level of customer service.	Service	1
Everyone was very personable with great customer service skills!  couldn't have asked for anything else.	Service	1
Hair Excellence definitely isn't an inexpensive place (although it's certainly not exorbitant, either), but the service and treatment I receive is one of the best values around.	Service	1
Best pedicure ever, have had 3 before in Canada and they didn't compare to the friendly service and vast list of the things they did to my feet and legs, will tell all my friends to try it	Service	1
Awesome product and even better customer service.	Service	1
I would highly recommend her services to anyone who is looking to have their eyebrows done to perfection!	Service	1
Fantastic location, good hours, and barbers that are on point with scheduling and customer service.	Service	1
Quick service, polite staff, all good.	Service	1
Great customer service, nice atmosphere and great prices!	Service	1
I always walk away happy with pretty toes, great service and honestly, a price that's fair and reasonable.	Service	1
Great service and Lynn does a wonderful job on her pedicures!	Service	1
Always great service and RMs at this location.	Service	1
I love it so much! The people who work there have amazing customer service and are so friendly.	Service	1
AMAZING service, reasonable prices, friendly and professional staff.	Service	1
Secret's is great - relatively easy to get an appt, they stay on schedule and prices are reasonable for the quality of service.	Service	1
Great customer service the ladies made you feel very comfortable.	Service	1
I was impressed with the price and amazing friendly service.	Service	1
Service is friendly and the atmosphere is relaxing.	Service	1
I have been seeing them for about a year now, sent friends, family and purchased gift certificates for services for people I love.	Service	1
The service was very friendly and their mani pedi job is amazing.	Service	1
I've been here multiple times over the past year or so and have always been given fantastic service.	Service	1
I highly recommend their services and suggest good communication since not all scalps are created equal.	Service	1
Professional and friendly service.	Service	1
Thanks again for the great service and prices are good too!!	Service	1
Great customer service, friendly staff and clean salon.	Service	1
