 The price was reasonable, a little higher than off strip, but was willing to pay for the convenience.	1	1
 The service was awesome.	2	1
Excellent service from a friendly, competent stuff, and a great price.\nThank you Mike Cranna!	2	1
Excellent service used them several times to get back and forth to the airport.	2	1
Great cars, excellent service, friendly team.	2	1
Reasonable prices too.	1	1
Clean comfortable room at a great price for King Suite!!	1	1
Easily some of the best service I've ever had and it's consistently great.	2	1
The price was so reasonable.	1	1
Really nice clean pool and fantastic customer service.	2	1
Thanks for the great service.	2	1
 They also sell souvenirs and a variety of snack foods.	0	1
The customer service is amazing, and all my expectations were exceeded!	2	1
Jose Viveros was absolutely amazing in customer service and guest relations and if I could give him more than 5 starts I would do that.	2	1
Staff was friendly, polite and service minded!	2	1
Price is right.	1	1
I would completely recommend their services to anyone in need of transportation.	2	1
The restaurant \"Twist\" had great food, drinks and service.	2	1
Ben was incredible with customer service and knowledge.	2	1
Great weekend stay and customer service was perfect throughout the entire hotel!	2	1
The price is affordable for those traveling alone or with others.	1	1
Excellent customer service.	2	1
5 star service at its best!	2	1
Staff friendly, valet service great, and the pools were amazing especially lazy river!	2	1
The staff was top notch, the service impeccable, and the room comfortable & appealing.	2	1
That's what I call great customer service.	2	1
Extremely good customer service!	2	1
I think Enterprise in general does such a good job because they are family owned and truly care about their employees and the focus on quality customer service.	2	1
 The first time was over a year ago, and the service was impeccable.	2	1
They offer so many great packages at super great prices on their website.	1	1
I was very satisfied with the rental process, the vehicle's performance, and the excellent customer service I recieved.	2	1
The service was also excellent, in particular, Vlada (the nice person who helped us) also made recommendations about sights to see on the way to Niagara.	2	1
The food & coffee were plentiful and the presentation was excellent.	0	1
Great service, will definitely use again.	2	1
 We visited camps and lodges in Botswana, Zimbabwe and South Africa - all wonderful properties with skilled safari guides and trackers, superb food and friendly, service-oriented staff.	0	1
PRICE	1	1
SERVICE	2	1
Service is second to none.	2	1
The price was Ok.	1	1
You have VIP service directly to your car.	2	1
I'm recommend enterprise but remember ask for GREG LEVY best costumer service EVER	2	1
 The breakfast was wonderful everyday and the shuttle service is always on time.	2	1
 It is always wonderful to get great customer service and this place sets the bar.	2	1
Great savings and service!!!	2	1
Lucky he didn't as we had a great service from Usaved.	2	1
I rent from this location once per month and I am always impressed at the amazing and quick service.	2	1
 Great price, great room, and amazing service.	2	1
 Great price, great room, and amazing service.	1	1
I would highly recommend a room through them, the quality and experience were amazing and the price was right.	1	1
The price is very fair.	1	1
Gorgeous hotel for a reasonable price.	1	1
 You can't beat it for the price if you have a big group of people.	1	1
The quality of service Chris provided was absolutely terrific.	2	1
Great service, great pricing and great product.	2	1
Bliss Travel and Dominique are hands down the best service i have received from a travel agent\/agency.	2	1
The staff was wonderful and the food was great (see below).	0	1
Lots of food nearby, always a bunch of people meeting from Kijiji and stuff in front and a fairly safe and comfortable station.	0	1
I stayed here a a while ago and was really impressed with the level of service and cleanliness exhibited by Highland Inn.	2	1
They seem to really understand customer service.	2	1
SENSIBLE CHAUFFEUR is a wonderful airport shuttle service!!	2	1
I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this great chauffeur service!	2	1
Great service, on time pickup and a message when we landed at Hopkins so we could easily find him curbside.	2	1
Efficient staff and excellent customer service.	2	1
Nice coffee service in patio as you enjoy fresh morning air.	2	1
This location has GREAT service.	2	1
I've booked several trips here and will continue to for its impeccable service!	2	1
Nice clean rooms with powerful AC, strong WiFi (which is a must), lots of good TV channels and the best part was customer service.	2	1
Good food and awesome entertainment.	0	1
Comfy beds, great work out facility, good food and hospitality.	0	1
 The price was amazing as was the view, service at the MGM Signature as well as the staff at Las Vegas Suites.	1	1
For the price its amazing.	1	1
We called around and they had the best prices.	1	1
Comparing against the other limo\/bus service companies in the area, the price was a lot cheaper and I would highly recommend Wayne Ace.	1	1
The best Chinese food in USA .	0	1
I expect just another hotel with basic rooms but what we got for such a low price was amazing.	1	1
 Also, the food is really good.	0	1
Food is excellent, private dining, all accommodating to the fullest.	0	1
The staff was great, room much better than normal for the price and the bar was fun and food decent.	1	1
breakfast food is awesome..	0	1
Great attitudes, very patient, busses that are beautiful and reasonable prices.	1	1
 The price was reasonable as well.	1	1
I went with my mom and sister for lunch at The Paiza and all the food that we ordered were presented well and it tasted great.	0	1
 If you decide to go for Chinese food and you're at the Venetian\/Palazzo, you should definitely try to eat there.	0	1
 They also had an impressive selection of food.	0	1
Fantastic employees, great prices, reasonable hold on my CC.	1	1
Not only do they have a ton of seating but they had a huge selection of hot foods, juices, cereal and more.	0	1
The extra details may not always be offered and the prices were the best I could find in the immediate area.	1	1
Had a great time at a reasonable price! Was close to the main MGM which is connected to the pool, food court, casino and out onto the strip.	1	1
There was also a nice spread of food, which was great to have as an appetizer, snack, or dinner.	0	1
The food bar was the exactly what was needed with a hungry tired child in tow and the drink ticket made for a very happy mama! 	0	1
Great prices and great place for a dog owner.	1	1
They serve breakfast and a afternoon happy hour for free the food is not the best quality.	0	1
 Easy reservation, price was reasonable.	1	1
Awesome service got me and my car home, the drive was fun but professional, also it was a great price!!	1	1
Great Food, Great Service, Comfortable Beds and most if all an awesome fitness center!	0	1
The reviews were good, the price was excellent, so ...	1	1
It's not trying to be anything it's not - clean, well managed, comfortable friendly place at a very good price.	1	1
The price was good, staff friendly & helpful.	1	1
I would recommend this company to anybody looking for a reasonably priced \/ dependable transportation.	1	1
Food service with complementary bfast was amazing.	0	1
Large two room suites for a good price! Free breakfast as always.	1	1
Amazing hotel, friendly staff, great breakfast with lots of options (and ACTUALLY good food!).	0	1
Especially since it was perfectly priced and was beating others nationwide.	1	1
 The food was some of the best Cantonese Chinese I had ever had.	0	1
 The best Asian food ever.	0	1
Food is good and rooms are very modern and nice with new flat screen TVs.	0	1
Reasonably priced also.	1	1
I also like the price and appreciate the service.	1	1
Would highly recommend to anyone looking to stay in the Vegas area at a reasonable price.	1	1
 All the amenities of the big names (indoor pool and whirlpool, bar, free hot breakfast) for a much better price!!	1	1
Very good motel for the price.	1	1
Very clean, friendly front desk staff, good price, great location just off freeway...	1	1
Every summer I visit the beautiful city of Montreal for its food, festivals, art, and music.	0	1
 This is a Green B&B-style hostel with plenty of natural light, fresh air, local food, and an international, knowledgeable staff.	0	1
Good food, courteous staff, and quick service!!!	0	1
Wide variety of breakfast food here as well.	0	1
Great suite, reasonable price & excellent customer service.	1	1
This is a great tour at a great price.	1	1
overall very recommended for the price you pay.	1	1
Excellent services, New cars in perfect condition for great prices, and Great customer service.	1	1
The food is OK, but since it's part of your stay, it's decent.	0	1
The price was very reasonable.	1	1
And the you can't beat the price.	1	1
 The price is very reasonable as well.	1	1
It's slightly far from downtown Calgary (20 minutes without traffic), but there aren't many good food options nearby so expect to drive to lunch\/dinner.	0	1
The rooms are clean and modern and very reasonably priced.	1	1
THE BEST experience - great price for plenty of drive time.	1	1
Great location, reasonable prices, and very clean! 	1	1
I would recommend them to anyone great price but better yet great work and great people .	1	1
The food in the restaurant is very delicious and gives you a taste of the French sidewalk dining experience when you dine on the patio.	0	1
I know it was off season so our price was really great.	1	1
Although, even at regular prices, it is well worth whatever they charge.	1	1
The hotel location is perfect for those goals and at good price with spacious room, comfortable mattress and fast-asleep down blanket and pillowssss.	1	1
The price on the car was excellent (I did hours of research and comparisons beforehand) so there was no negotiating to be had.	1	1
 Private gaming rooms, 24 hour chefs at your becking call, a luxurious lounge, and a huge dining room to enjoy some great food.	0	1
The price are very cheap with lots of options.	1	1
Overall very good service, reasonable price, and good tour guide.	1	1
Quiet, clean room at a reasonable price and low security deposit.	1	1
 They worked day and night to make sure I had the best experience for the most competitive price.	1	1
Love the food, love the casino.	0	1
Discotech is amazing great prices easy to use can do pretty much anything on here from purchasing  tickets bottle service , adding yourself to guestlist and a schedule of events at softener venues	1	1
 Also the breakfast food was really good, way above average.	0	1
Beyond amazing food, service and experience.	0	1
Reasonably priced and great service.	1	1
They have a great selection and the food was delicious.	0	1
Definitely most the reasonably priced bottle and table service I have ever had.	1	1
The food selection was very subpar, not worth the $21 per person.	0	1
Newer hotel, price is great with 2 beds and a sofa bed , free breakfast.	1	1
They were very reasonably priced and I booked several hours to get some rest.	1	1
The price for such a great property was amazingly low, especially since our stay was during the \"snowbird\" season.	1	1
Food at the Louis Louis restaurant was good too.	0	1
This place is very nice for the price.	1	1
Food was excellent and the staff was so friendly and accommodating! Definitely recommend staying here anytime you are in Phoenix!	0	1
Drinks and food are reasonably priced.	0	1
Drinks and food are reasonably priced.	1	1
 About 20 minutes south from Charlotte at a favorable price.	1	1
The kitchen has very reasonable priced daily specials too.	1	1
Great hotel for the price!	1	1
The food was really good, better than we expected.	0	1
All very reasonably priced too!	1	1
The prices are good too.	1	1
The prices are always affordable!	1	1
Their prices are very reasonable and the company is reliable.	1	1
My out-of-town guests were so happy that transportation was available and I'm glad that the price was in our budget.	1	1
For the price you pay this hotel is great.	1	1
The price is right and the locations are plenty, giving you the opportunity to travel around the neighborhoods you know and love.	1	1
A great price for a clean room and comfy bed.	1	1
Call Kevin and book! He's amazing! The bus was seriously incredible! Super super nice inside and fairly priced.	1	1
Amazing food amazing people, amazing ride! Get away from the strip, must must do this!!	0	1
We were here several times during our stay and I was very impressed with the food.	0	1
Despite that, the staff was extremely friendly and helpful and their services seem to be the most reasonably priced in Phoenix.	1	1
Riding the horses is so much fun, scenery is beautiful, food is delicious and the staff is great!! We'll be back!!	0	1
Clean hotel with a nice classical ambience, reasonably priced rooms, good breakfast, and kind staff.	1	1
Great food and service! Here for work and was pleasantly surprised at restaurant food choices.	0	1
 For the price I would definitely stay here again.	1	1
 The price was right, and the van was perfect, a Dodge Ram 1500 van with tons of space that was actually kind of fun to drive.	1	1
Great breakfast the next morning too, and reasonably priced even for Vegas!!	1	1
Luckily in the Delta terminal there is plenty to choose in terms of food and drink from coffee shops, a wine bar and a subway!	0	1
The rooms were clean, comfortable and definitely worth the very reasonable price per night.	1	1
 Really great selection of food.	0	1
Great location, price and customer service.	1	1
Nice little sports bar with great food.	0	1
All this excellent service and a fair price too.	1	1
 The price was the lowest we can find.	1	1
Good food, great horses, stunning scenery.	0	1
Excellent hotel with reasonable price.	1	1
The prices are very reasonable.	1	1
Excellent tour and great price compared to other tour agencies.	1	1
I search prices and Budget normally has the best price.	1	1
The food was very delicious, as the owner will prepare just about anything you request.	0	1
Travel China inexpensively, see major UNESCO sites, eat tasty and interesting food, meet friendly people.	0	1
The food was excellent..everyone at the ranch were very enthusiastic, patient and knowledgeable!!	0	1
 So its great that you can easily walk to the food and bars.	0	1
 Very fairly priced.	1	1
The food they served was nice too.	0	1
Too good a price to say no.	1	1
 car is warm when you get into it and price is very good for door to door service.	1	1
The food is all pretty much the same - you will get sick of it.	0	1
For the price it was great.	1	1
Food is great as well.	0	1
They were extremely friendly and the price was reasonable.	1	1
Charming decor, restaurant with live music and good food - GREAT overall!	0	1
The food was great!	0	1
Global travel is fast and professional with a good price.	1	1
The price of the room was very reasonable, so I will definitely be back when in the area.	1	1
Good hotel for the price and excellent location.	1	1
 Every need was met or exceeded, the food was excellent, the service fast and extraordinary.	0	1
Also, for breakfast I was expecting your typical rolls and orange juice, and maybe some cereal, but there was a great selection of different breakfast foods and the dining room was very cute.	0	1
He was excited and happy to not have junk food!	0	1
Our driver\/guide, James, was super friendly throughout the experience and his food was delicious.	0	1
The food was amazing!!	0	1
The breakfast bar is super clean and well stocked, the food was excellent each day.	0	1
Lots of places covered, many miles traveled, delicious food.	0	1
The bistro they have open for dinner had amazing food, one of the best burgers I've ever eaten! And the breakfast choices were amazing as well.	0	1
The food afterwards was amazing as well.	0	1
And last but certainly not least,  Lionel prepares the most beautiful and delicious breakfast dshes which will impress the most critical of food enthusiasts!	0	1
Great food review Toronto to Taipei!!	0	1
We had such a great time cruzin Vegas in these scooters!! The sights where amazing, the food delicious and most of all the tour guide was so nice ,polite and knowledgeable of the area a must do	0	1
 There's always delicious food available, particularly homemade chocolate chip cookies, and Karl and Jeff, the owners are incredibly thoughtful, accommodating and flexible.	0	1
 Service, food, ambiance was absolutely stellar.	0	1
Breakfast food is fresh and nicely presented with appealing apps in the eve and a well stocked cocktail bar.	0	1
this is one hell of a deal for all the delicious food you get..	0	1
Food is awesome.	0	1
We love the onsite bar that offers good food and they serve past the time other places are closed.	0	1
Fantastic modern hotel room, comfortable stay, friendly staff, and excellent food!	0	1
The food was excellent at both restaurants.	0	1
Where do I begin? I love this place the staff is wonderful the food is good and they are a really good hotel.	0	1
 Staff was very friendly, food at the bistro was nice and fresh, rooms were immaculate, beds were comfortable.	0	1
 hotel has a lounge and restaurant built in--food very good.	0	1
The bar also has some good food.	0	1
The food is delicious and light.	0	1
Great drivers, passengers, environment, food, drink, and wifi.	0	1
Food at the restaurant was amazing and the gentleman who served us (Jon) was amazing.	0	1
Place is amazing place to take a loved one great food lots of things to do with the family amazing staff.	0	1
Amazing atmosphere amazing food and nice pools water falls	0	1
Fortunate Fox is the hotel restaurant and bar which made some great cocktails and food.	0	1
And please do not eat before you take the food tour.	0	1
So much delicious  food, we were stuffed.	0	1
The food was good too! Overall this is one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in, and I've stayed in a lot!	0	1
Nice selections of foods and snacks.	0	1
The food was great, the daily specials were key, the birthday shots were fun and the PECAN PIE WAS PHENOMENAL!	0	1
We made 5 stops and the food was excellent at all of them.	0	1
Great atmosphere, friendly staff and excellent food.	0	1
It's good down home food.	0	1
Delicious warm comfort food.	0	1
 The food was delicious!  	0	1
The staff and service there is exceptional! Keep it up!	2	1
Shuttle service was very prompt and Jermaine even gave me a quick ride to the store with no issues.	2	1
She goes above and beyond and has the exceptional Customer Service.	2	1
Amazing place, amazing service.	2	1
Thank you for the great service and superb car!	2	1
Wonderful car, wonderful service.	2	1
Their customer service is superior, they truly prioritize the customers needs.	2	1
It was our tremendous good fortune to find Samstrans Car Service Transportation.	2	1
For the very best in car service transportation, contact Samstrans.	2	1
Thank you so much Sam for creating this super service.	2	1
I am amazed at the service Robert has provided me as I travel my corporate group cruise.	2	1
Haley is fantastic!!! Always great customer service and professionalism.	2	1
Everytime I use enterprise they give me a great service at Sweettouch definitely recommend	2	1
We were very happy with the service Noam Meppen provided when we contacted him regarding an Alaskan cruise.	2	1
This was the best service and they fulfilled a 15 year vision of mine to visit Las Vegas and drive an exotic car.	2	1
Excellent service, multiple times!  Clean, comfortable cars and excellent drivers.	2	1
 I will use this service in the future.	2	1
Best shuttle service I've had with short notice and family emergency.	2	1
 Customer service and booking was great.	2	1
William gave me great customer service, and worked with me for weeks to find me the best flight options for London.	2	1
I arranged for one of their party buses to take a group of 13 on a pub crawl around the Burgh and I can't say enough good things about the service.	2	1
I have used this service and Jason B in particular has been very responsive, very helpful, very diligent, and nice to speak with on the phone.	2	1
 I will use this service again, and happily write this review.	2	1
Thank you Katrina for helping me find my lost coat! Also, thank you Enterprise for the friendly service.	2	1
Awesome company excellent customer service.	2	1
The staff was great to work with and definitely will use their service next time in town.	2	1
Great service! Reasonable prices!	2	1
 Thanks to him I ended up buying 4 boxes lol Great customer service.	2	1
Because of exotic car but more about the superior customer experience and service!	2	1
Enrique Martinez and both agents at this location are always their to help and give the best service.	2	1
Awesome transportation service.	2	1
I was very happy with the service here - I think I will continue to book my trips here versus online.	2	1
Excellent customer service!!	2	1
The guy who helped us was SUPER friendly and even offered us an upgrade for free.	2	1
Very clean hotel, services are pretty standard for Hampton but the front desk was great and the room was clean and quiet.	2	1
Great place to rent your dream car! Also, as others say, Vegas Luxury Rides has great customer service.	2	1
The service is exceptional, fast, and friendly.	2	1
It was amazing! Service was great and quick, very polite and helpful guy who explain everything to us.	2	1
always service with a smile...	2	1
They are always able to give me great service.	2	1
Ladies and Gentlemen, I cannot, with all literary indulgence nor wit at pen lend discerning realization of the abundant boutique charm coupled with unsurpassed luxury and most importantly	2	1
A stocked minibar, with 5 Church on dial for speedy and prompt room service.	2	1
Their prices are great with the added exemplary customer service.	2	1
EXCELLENT Customer Service, unbeatable rates and courteous helpful staff!	2	1
Thank you for your support and exemplifying the meaning of stellar customer service.	2	1
Great service, formerly known as Handicapped Vehicle Specialists.	2	1
Great service from everyone and after sale support .	2	1
Service was excellent from valet, reception staff, housekeeping to library lounge bartender.	2	1
I highly recommend this transportation service and plan to do so with each visit.	2	1
Fantastic service and amenities.	2	1
They provide wonderful and courteous service.	2	1
I definitely recommend this place excellent service and great cars..I'm going there for a second time!	2	1
It's a great way to experience the sights and culture of Italy, and yes, the food and wine.	0	1
 Reservations are supposed to enable supervisors to schedule staff to prevent this type of poor service!	2	0
Incompetent representatives, false advertising, sneaky flight details, bad customer service.	2	0
 We arrived to find cockroaches in our room, along with ever present spiders (halls never cleaned), stained carpets, rusted out bathroom fixtures, falling apart furniture and terrible food.	0	0
 Breakfast was the \"cold bread\" kind - prepackaged cereal and pastries.	0	0
Do not book through this service!	2	0
Terrible terrible service.	2	0
I called the 800-number to question the bill and customer service was extremely rude.	2	0
I would NOT expect satisfactory service...	2	0
 The customer service was extremely rude and unconcerned.	2	0
Disgusting employees I can't even call talking with them customer service.	2	0
Crappy service!	2	0
THE WORST SERVICE.	2	0
Even though they were more expensive than all the other hotels around ASU, I booked a suite since I was bringing my mother along while my daughter and I attended a campus tour and audition at Arizona State.	1	0
 During these 4 days, not once did we get room service!	2	0
This hotel is expensive and has no services.	2	0
This hotel is expensive and has no services.	1	0
 Customer service rep is ridiculous.	2	0
Horrible customer service	2	0
This is hideous service.	2	0
Travelocity from Arizona customer service terrible service put me on hold for hours do yourself a favor do not book your travel through travelocity they will have cancel flights and your schedule will not hold up for you!	2	0
Absolutely the worst experience in customer service and rude behavior from staff.	2	0
Very accessible price but horrible breakfast and service.	2	0
Very poor customer service.	2	0
Very bad customer service.	2	0
The worst Service ever !	2	0
It was one of the worst service experiences I've ever had.	2	0
Horrible service terrible cars take your money else where.	2	0
This was the worst customer service I have ever experienced.	2	0
Worst customer service ever.	2	0
Honestly the worst customer service I've ever had.	2	0
I am extremely disappointed in the customer service.	2	0
Horrible service and no prior notification that we wouldn't get a car.	2	0
 With this pathetic customer service I'll never mind paying more for Hertz or National again.	2	0
The place to eat they were pushing must have been a relatives it was expensive and very rude on the phone.	1	0
Service at check-in was horrible, even for so called \"Gold' members.	2	0
Completely misquoted me I ended up having to pay about $300 more than originally was quoted felt like service was less than professional	2	0
The second lady from the customer service was also very unsympathetic, and didn't seem to care about having my business in future.\nI would never rent from these guys again.	2	0
  Food is not cool pled well.	0	0
Very expensive for what you get.	1	0
So that was the start of the terrible customer service.	2	0
This taxicab service stole my phone and will not return it to me.	2	0
The staff were very nice, but the service itself was terrible.	2	0
The terrible customer service, along with the driver's dishonesty, ensures that I will never use this fraudulent company's service again.	2	0
I have never experienced such awful service.	2	0
Absolute worst service to use..	2	0
Absolutely horrible driving service and even worse customer service.	2	0
Then he magically found a suite that was a lot more expensive.	1	0
This is by far the worst customer service experience I have ever had at a hotel.	2	0
Customer service	2	0
Yes, the ticket cost less, but if time is money then it was an expensive journey indeed.	1	0
Avis rental car office at YYC airport is overpriced, aggressive in selling insurance, and bad in customer service.	2	0
As a businessman, this was very poor service.	2	0
But let's be real, National is expensive and I never had to pay for it with work.	1	0
However, they dropped to a 1\/5 because of their complete lack of customer service.	2	0
Terrible service, took the car back, everything fine at first.	2	0
Costumer service was very poor...	2	0
Not very nice customer service and not compatible.	2	0
Terrible, high-pressure customer service and totally unscrupulous business tactics.	2	0
This is the worst customer service I have ever received.	2	0
The gentleman at the desk was very rude, clearly no customer service skills.	2	0
Bad customer service didn't notify of this requirement ahead of time was told we would get an impala wee got a Hyundai!	2	0
Horrible car, horrible customer service, and downgrading our vehicle and renting is car that looked as it was falling apart! Wrong one star is over rating this!	2	0
Terrible service, apart of that they function with weird names like Nu ..	2	0
There is not service at all	2	0
 This is customer service AT ITS WORST and I would never do business with them again.	2	0
 Poor customer service certainly doesn't bring back business.	2	0
Not pleased with customer service.	2	0
Another terrible customer service point.	2	0
What a piece of crappy service.	2	0
Unfortunately I cannot recommend this company or their services.	2	0
Room was clean, bed was comfortable, but the am front desk guy clearly doesn't have customer service skills .	2	0
 The hotel is missing lots of modern day accommodations like no microwave, no fine dining, breakfast food options isn't as good but needs major help.	0	0
Terrible experience - would not recommend this service to anyone.	2	0
The desk service is lackadaisical and the whole experience leaves a great deal to be desired.	2	0
The worst service I have ever had, terrible driver who verbally harassed me completely unprovoked and then when I called the company number back he picked up and continued by swearing at me calling me lewd and derogatory names.	2	0
HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE.	2	0
Poor service from this location, hidden charges that were verbally explained a different way and charged significantly during return.	2	0
Just came back from a Vegas trip for my birthday and had the worst service with them!	2	0
It's just disappointing that their service is not up to par.	2	0
Customer service is rude and aggressive.	2	0
We are not from Canada, so it's pretty expensive to use the phone.	1	0
We will NEVER rent from this Avis location again! Absolutely horrible customer service.	2	0
 I'm disgusted &a to make it worse, The woman who was 'helping' me at the counter had absolutely terrible customer service.	2	0
This is either poor\/ignorant customer service or the hotel is running some deal with discount car rentals.	2	0
Customer service was terrible.	2	0
 I attempted to visit their website, which is no longer under service, and the number posted, which ALSO is NOT in service.	2	0
WORST travel service EVER...	2	0
The location had bad service for 2 days in and out constantly and basically none.	2	0
Awful customer service....	2	0
  Shame on the lack of customer service!	2	0
Sadly after roomservice was done it was still not clean.	2	0
Horrible customer service and maid service is null.	2	0
They actually put dirty bedding from the rooms on the very tables meant to be used during their breakfast service!	2	0
Horrible customer service, from the airport through budget's 800 number.	2	0
It's almost doubly expensive to ride LEX for one thing, and takes at the very least four hours to get up to the Chicagoland area.	1	0
Terrible customer service.	2	0
Overall the service wasn't good and the quoted price of $80 somehow turned into $260.	2	0
Worst service ever.	2	0
The worst customer service for any rental service I have seen	2	0
Just bad customer service.	2	0
The service worker didn't even acknowledge my online booking information; it was obviously just a ploy to get customers through the door.	2	0
The service was terrible.	2	0
Witnessed horrible customer service when we entered from this horrible woman Najia, and then ourselves experienced the same.	2	0
I wouldn't recommend a company of thieves, with no customer service skills to anyone I know.	2	0
 No hot food, grouchy staff do not make up for the great atmosphere.	0	0
 The food is subpar, the sandwiches and wraps did not look fresh and options are limited.	0	0
 There is no hot food, which I knew.	0	0
I have to give a 1 star simply because of the valet services.	2	0
Overall very poor customer service and not helpful when asking questions, I felt very ripped off and my money taken from me.	2	0
Horrible service don't ever rent a a car from these people.	2	0
Service is horrible, it's NOT at the airport very inconvenient to get to and from, shuttle service is non existent.	2	0
Overall, such a bad experience with their services.	2	0
Worst customer service ever, stay away from these guys.	2	0
 The food selection is awful and everything looks old.	0	0
 But the food is awful.	0	0
I can't believe they're still in business with their rude customer service, expensive rates and lack of ability to be on time for anything.	1	0
 But the cost of this lounge is really high concidering the quality and lack of the food they serve.\n	0	0
 Food was awful.	0	0
 The way some of the food is out (chips and nuts) seems totally unsanitary.	0	0
 No soup or warm food to be found anywhere and they were very low on other foods.	0	0
 The food was a bit disappointing as well.	0	0
EZ IS MUCH MORE EXPENSIVE THAN REPUTABLE AIRPORT COUNTER RENTALS	1	0
The cab takes longer periods to get to where you are than yellow cab and it's more expensive.	1	0
This park was one of the most expensive parks we've ever stayed in and was the worst one we've ever stayed in.	1	0
She gave me the receipt, it seemed expensive but dumbly assumed the deposit was included.	1	0
 The food selection looks like it's past it's prime and ready for the garbage (dry sandwiches and vegetables).	0	0
 No hot food beside the soup.	0	0
  To our understanding we were going to have seafood for lunch, we ended and a Chinese buffet that didn't have to freshest food on the bar.	0	0
 There was a plastic bag with food and a styrofoam cup with pink drink on the counter where i was checking in, which was also very strange and unprofessional.	0	0
 No hot food.	0	0
VERY expensive for what it is, because it isn't much.	1	0
The worst part was that the cost of these rentals was laughably expensive and this WAS NOT told to me.	1	0
Parking is expensive.	1	0
Breakfast is expensive.	1	0
 so because the mechanic was not prepared, my friend and I had to spend the night at a rest stop with no food.	0	0
 We didn't even try the continental breakfast, scared they would give us food poisoning.	0	0
 Unimpressive food.	0	0
 The food was the equivalent of 3 day old McDonalds breakfast foods.	0	0
Expensive for a dump of a motel.	1	0
 The restaurants they have you eat at are DISGUSTING, very very questionable food.	0	0
Everything is so expensive & the store employees are very corrupt pressure  everyone to buy their goods w\/c are FAKE, knockoffs.	1	0
  Without rambling the issues are	0	0
 On top of this expensive insurance it isnt comprehensive.	1	0
 All the hot food in the breakfast cafe was cold.	0	0
 They were late and never answered the phone while we waited in the parking lot with all our drinks and food forever in the heat.	0	0
 They say buying a ticket at the airport is more expensive than online, because it's like VIP service and can't beat the price online.	1	0
 As far as food - there is no good food in the area.	0	0
  When they showed us out and gave us our \"free\" items they are all TOTALLY worthless especially the food.	0	0
FLYFAR is a total scam! I bought a last minute flight with them, and it seemed much better than others, even if it was a more expensive one.	1	0
Overall it was a VERY expensive and disappointing experience.	1	0
Actually very disappointed - bland, boring and expensive.	1	0
  We ate in the dining room one evening and the food was atrocious!	0	0
  The steak was so tough it was inedible.	0	0
 It was ridiculously expensive...$186!!!! That was with AAA discount, no insurance (I have my own) and I didn't pay for gas upfront (I refueled on my own).	1	0
 Dirty and food really nasty.	0	0
  Food stained, dirty dash, greasy steering wheel is something you should expect when pick up a car from them.	0	0
  I would not recommend this food tour to anyone.	0	0
We stayed here cause it was cheap but it ended up being even more expensive because all they say online is that they're pet friendly.	1	0
So this hotel ended up being even more expensive.	1	0
It's more expensive than other buses too, so it's not worth the hassle.	1	0
Expensive at $159, boasting of clean non-smoking building and free breakfast.	1	0
 This was supposed to be the highlight and it ended up being an expensive waste of time.	1	0
There was a sign that said something about it was expensive to run water heater, so if you want clean towels put them on the floor, leave them hanging then you will get none.	1	0
 Souvenirs are expensive...	1	0
Firefly was the least expensive for the mid size car, so we went with that.	1	0
A blown transmission is about $3000 and had I not taken my car back to someone else I would have quickly been looking at a very expensive fix on my car.	1	0
It is far more expensive even if they only charge  10 bucks.	1	0
  The food was the worst I'd ever had at a Bob Evans!  3 of us ordered chicken strips and fries.	0	0
  It all had the texture of food that was very very old, though it was hot.	0	0
  It was very cold and by far the worst food I've ever eaten.	0	0
 The food buffet is extremely limited and did not appear to be restocked on a regular basis.	0	0
 The hot foods were out the majority of the morning and on the rare occasion it was replenished everything was taken within moments by the customers who were waiting to eat.	0	0
The cheap advertized price is too expensive at the end	1	0
I didnt have any high expectations considering it is the least expensive hotel around but if i am paying $70\/night i would at least expect to have a clean room.	1	0
  Food was disgusting, waffles taisted sour.	0	0
This hotel is fairly expensive nightly so we thought some accommodations would be able to be made, especially for a group of our size there for such a special occasion, but everyone was very hard to deal with.	1	0
They put me in an Isolated Family resort 30 minutes away from everything at an extremely high cost.	1	0
 Eventually booked a new flight on Southwest (which was very expensive).	1	0
Too expensive for a run down hotel.	1	0
 As I am adult now and i have a whole new perspective on the Bob Evans Business, the food is actually disgusting when the waitress brought it out I was sick to my stomach but I said \"Hey I guess I'll give it a shot!\" 	0	0
too expensive for crap.	1	0
 Anyway,  expensive lesson learned.	1	0
STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE!!! Just a VERY expensive DUMP! $90\/night plus $10 each for our little dogs - 3# and 6#.	1	0
So to summarize -- One of the most expensive AVIS locations I've rented from with one of the worst customer service levels.	1	0
- $59\/night (paid by US air) seems expensive for the quality of this property.	1	0
  Breakfast foods often out.	0	0
 He threw the food in our car.	0	0
 I had not eaten at Anna's in a number of years because of the decline in the quality of food and service.	0	0
Very expensive,  for no refrigerator,  microwave,  or blow dryers.	1	0
 Morning came and the desk gentleman at that time said he couldn't give me any breakfast food.	0	0
 The food was nasty.	0	0
 No room service, no food service.	0	0
 By the next morning (less than 24 hours after picking up the van) it thawed and all food was ruined.	0	0
 Dishes provided had old food stuck to them.	0	0
I travel all over the world and been in everything from a motel and hostel, to 7 star hotels and expensive Airbnbs.	1	0
 They booked THE MOST EXPENSIVE ROOM, knowing i had limited coverage for a hotel.	1	0
  The floor has old food crumbs, spare change and mud on it.	0	0
 There was old food left in the refrigerator.	0	0
 It all was about the same quality as hospital food.	0	0
 Poor service and low food quality.	0	0
 It was a very expensive and eye opening lesson.	1	0
The rate was super expensive and the tank wasn't even full when we picked up our vehicle	1	0
 Bar\/Restaurant was slow and food was bad.\n4.	0	0
Way too expensive with add on's for such a basic airline.	1	0
 food- bad service\n4.	0	0
 The lot rent is expensive and I am paying almost $150.00 more now than when I moved in so I am paying over $700.00 just for a place to keep my mobile home.	1	0
Very expensive , employees are rude unprofessional  & they are only after your money  without giving any service.	1	0
 The food mainly consists of asian buffets (BAD! BAD! BAD!) and it was gross....very gross.	0	0
Recently, my friend and I wanted to go to NYC, but the hotels are so *($&#(*$ expensive.	1	0
Too expensive for zero amenities.	1	0
 Food is awful, fries are extremely salty and the chicken burgers taste off.	0	0
 It's sad that airport travellers are succumbed to eating this quality of food.	0	0
 But, we could not eat the food because food was not done.	0	0
 The food was raw.	0	0
 This means that management does not recognize uncooked and raw food they are serving to their Marriott guests.	0	0
The rent is very expensive for Montreal and you get nothing for your money.	1	0
This is the most expensive park we have ever stayed at, with the least amount to offer.	1	0
Just horrible all the way around and most expensive- will never use again.	1	0
More expensive than ordering directly online, from Kayak.	1	0
 I got violently ill with food poisoning.	0	0
 Probably get better food in a prison cell.	0	0
 We were brought to a random restaurant and the food was not sufficient.	0	0
expensive and unreliable just like the rest of them.	1	0
 In this age of Social Media, poor service, bad food, unconcern of the management, and unacceptable rooms will not be tolerated by the informed public.	0	0
Almost $200 a night is too expensive for such an unpleasant stay.	1	0
Their insurance is expensive and does not cover anything.	1	0
 Extremely disappointed with the selection of the restaurants and foods served to you.	0	0
  No food, no drinks, and their vending machines were all broken.	0	0
What they offer was Jeep Cherokee, that was more expensive.	1	0
 Although it had free breakfast, the food wasn't good and I have pretty low expectations for hotel food.	0	0
Housekeeping are thieves\nForgot something very expensive in the room.	1	0
According to state investigators, prizes were difficult to redeem, expensive to redeem, or unavailable during certain dates.	1	0
 So what seems at first to be a good daily rate becomes one of the most expensive.	1	0
 It is very expensive to enroll, plus the service isn't good for what we are paying.	1	0
This place was way, way too expensive for the dilapidated condition of the rooms.	1	0
Oh yeah, make sure you bring proof of your insurance carrier or you can't rent the car and your forced to buy their very expensive insurance.	1	0
 So it is probably the most expensive rental car in Toronto	1	0
  Service was mediocre but the worst part was the food.	0	0
  I don't normally speak up when it comes to bad food (I usually just bear with it and make a mental note not to come back), but in this case, I had to say something when the manager passed by.	0	0
 Terrible service and food!	0	0
 The food came very slowly and was barely mediocre.	0	0
 Breakfast was another issue, there wasn't much in terms of hot food, which is what they advertise.	0	0
 The food is absolutely disgusting.	0	0
Had a fairly expensive watch stolen from my room.	1	0
 There was dried food in the microwave.	0	0
The bus broke down, the company doesn't care about you after they have their money and it was an expensive terrible bad experience.	1	0
 I don't do Buffet nor BAD Chinese Food!	0	0
 The bike was brand new and very expensive.	1	0
Electricity is outrageously expensive as the park tacks on an extra fee to each monthly bill.	1	0
All the other hotels either full or ridiculously expensive and United would not get back to us.	1	0
This is officially the most expensive $20 hotel ever.	1	0
 AWESOME FOOD AND FANTASTIC SERVICE!	0	0
 The worst about the food is the lack of cleanliness and hygiene.	0	0
  It was like jail food.	0	0
 It had serious mechanical problems and needed servicing often and expensive ($2000, $1500, $1800, etc.)	1	0
To think we should replace an expensive RV every fifteen years that is perfectly fine is nuts.	1	0
Even if you get it, it is much more expensive than cheapo-air or orbits.	1	0
 The Cleveland Greyhound station has lousy customer service, a dirty terminal, poor food in their restaurant, and the bus I was taking had no driver available when we were supposed to depart.	0	0
 The minibar had food that had been expired for a year.	0	0
  The crib we asked for was filthy dirty with food and other assorted fluid stains.	0	0
  Bad service, scary food, overpriced - Don't eat here.	0	0
  My overly priced food was horrible to the point where my family and I couldn't eat it and honestly wouldn't if it was free which it was way overpriced.	0	0
 There was dried food on the floor, rust in the tub, and mold in the bathroom and on the ceiling.	0	0
It is by no means an expensive hotel, but the price seems high for what you get.	1	0
She kept pressuring me to purchase expensive car insurance.	1	0
 Room service only comes after 530, they charge you an automatic gratuity and the food was not good at all.	0	0
It won't make any difference compare to the most expensive ticket.	1	0
 They we got in our truck and there was old food, trash, and ants in it.	0	0
  Free shows required the purchase of expensive drinks.	1	0
 Not that I can take them or anything...because again...never available...so instead I get an upsell for some outrageously expensive hotel.	1	0
Very expensive tours and unfriendly nearly insulting customer service.	1	0
 Spoiled food in fridge upon entering hotel room.	0	0
This place is expensive and given how nasty the management and staff are, I am surprised they remain in business.	1	0
 They gave us a sorry meal voucher for 7.50 and they two bad attitude having women in the café Tanya and the one with the terrible blond wig had attitudes and wanted to serve us old food.	0	0
 Food was beyond terrible across the board no matter where you are on the boat...	0	0
 I really want this place to succeed, but with their terrible food and customer service, it is not going to happen.	0	0
Expensive - horrific experience.	1	0
 The whole hotel and even my room smelt of food and pretty unpleasant food at that.	0	0
The worst environment, the most expensive price!	1	0
 The food is terrible...all microwave crap.	0	0
 The food was terrible.	0	0
 Overall, price of the hotel is expensive plus parking is expensive.	1	0
 By far the worst hotel, bad people , bad food , only 1 nice employee I've encountered a month of being here, they stole food I had for the month I was out here , did a half ass job cleaning the room , cleaned bathroom but nothing else , always left lights and shutters opened , the manager didn't seem to care her employees were thieves , never again.	0	0
The room was very expensive for the ONE night we stayed there too!	1	0
 The food you are served at the bread n breakfast is prepackaged, frozen and tastes terrible.	0	0
I asked my friend if maybe we can transfer to an actual hotel and not an expensive motel for the same price.	1	0
Quite expensive for what you get but then again I live in LasVegas where anything and everything is at your disposal for cheap.	1	0
 Food left in fridge from previous tenant.	0	0
 The food selection was very poor.	0	0
The car they rented was was very expensive and it smelled like cigarettes and had been wrecked.	1	0
We have very expensive vehicles and never smoke in them, neither would we ever smoke in any vehicle as habit.	1	0
 (Roadside Service is expensive).	1	0
Terrible customer service, rude attitute and no way to get your money back.	2	0
Worst cab service ever - Uber or the competitor needs to get cabs like these off the street.	2	0
 Food was excellent.	0	1
Honestly it's one of the best burgers I've had and it's at a great price :)	1	1
The food is exactly what you'd expect.	0	1
Best dive in Northside, cool place, great prices, and cool vintage look !	1	1
This restaurant has such a good vibe, the food is comfort done right with just the right touches of originality and decadence.	0	1
So much food we have lunch for tomorrow.	0	1
Wonderful food and awesome friendly atmosphere.	0	1
Service was very gracious and friendly.	2	1
Enjoy the tunes and food, keep this place going and perhaps get the prices done.	0	1
Friendly staff, great prices, and the owners aren't total douchebags!	1	1
The service was amazing and the food was some of the best I've had.	2	1
Service is superb; right as I sat down the waitress helped bring me water.	2	1
Great cuts at an unbeatable prices.	1	1
The food was really good	0	1
  Great service and friendly waiter.	2	1
There's no food, but what do you need food for? Wonderfully kitschy atmosphere and great beer prices!	1	1
 You get an incredible view, incredible food, and a great selection of wine for a reasonable price!	0	1
 You get an incredible view, incredible food, and a great selection of wine for a reasonable price!	1	1
The service at the restaurant was great (especially if you TRY to speak French- at least \"bonjour.\" Luckily I studied in college!	2	1
 The wine list is extensive & the food is amazing!	0	1
The food is good too.	0	1
 Great food, good service and a nice change of pace from the chain locations.	0	1
 Great food, good service and a nice change of pace from the chain locations.	2	1
 The food prices are amazing and the quality is top notch.	0	1
 The food prices are amazing and the quality is top notch.	1	1
 We had very fast and friendly service.	2	1
Hands down THE most amazing food...especially the panini's and cole slaw...and who could turn down 1\/2 price wine Wednesday?!	0	1
 The food is BOMB, service is as well!	2	1
 Food was very fresh!	0	1
 Great drinks and daily homemade food.	0	1
The service was great and menu suggestions were spot on!	2	1
The atmosphere is perfectly suited for friends to gather for great food, wine, beer, spirits, and conversation.	0	1
It is nice, clean and the service is great.	2	1
The customer service is outstanding.	2	1
Very good prices on food and drinks.	0	1
Very good prices on food and drinks.	1	1
Excellent service, good cocktails.	2	1
The service was very quick and super friendly!	2	1
 Wonderful and  friendly service, delicious and hot homemade tortilla chips, and delicious entrees.	2	1
the food is wonderful and reasonably priced.	0	1
the food is wonderful and reasonably priced.	1	1
 Great atmosphere, great people, and great service.	2	1
 The food was amazing and we had a huge variety of drinks to choose from!	0	1
the food was amazing!	0	1
 Private room for have with your friends and great service!	2	1
It's fun, it's funky, the drinks are good and not too expensive, the service is lovely.	2	1
  Drinks are a fair price and they have some fun drag queens to watch.	1	1
The prices were reasonable and everything was nice and clean.	1	1
Thanks for the great service, the delicous burger and the fantastic football game (which the Stamps won)!	2	1
 Great beer and wine list with fantastic service, Corey was a great bartender!	2	1
The food was delicious and I highly recommend the restaurant.	0	1
The jumbo margaritas tasted good, but were 90% ice so not worth the price.	1	1
However, the hot chicken sandwich was too spicy to eat the whole thing, and we can normally eat spicy food.	0	1
And great service.	2	1
  the food is awesome you made my girls birthday on point thanks for a great night....	0	1
Service was impeccable!	2	1
  The food is really great, one of the best bavette I ever had, and the \"salade du moment\" are always simply amazing (beets and goat cheese was delicious).	0	1
Not many places to choose from in Middlefield this is by far the best food in town and always a friendly place to hang out and watch a game!	0	1
No food is definitely a bummer (I think a couple of bar food options would have sufficed), but then again, adds to the atmoshere.	0	1
Great prices even better food chicken salads are a must have very good and I love their ranch dressing  yum definitely a hidden gem in penn hills	1	1
Great food..great prices...best kept secret in Penn hills  It's a must try place.	0	1
Great food..great prices...best kept secret in Penn hills  It's a must try place.	1	1
 I had a great time, terrific music, great variety of food, and the wines were awesome!	0	1
Prices are more than reasonable.	1	1
 Service also had a good personality.	2	1
 Good food good service good fun	0	1
 Good food good service good fun	2	1
 Pool tables, music, great service.	2	1
Always had very good, helpful service, and very much enjoy everything I've had from the menu.	2	1
Fox's provides the best service with the sexiest ladies in the valley of the sun.	2	1
 Prices are very reasonable and the staff is very friendly.	1	1
 The best Indian food I have tried in Calgary.	0	1
The food is delicious and ambiance is very chill.	0	1
The service was on point, everyone really makes certain the customers are happy including the owner which is nice to see.	2	1
Best Greek food I've had.	0	1
The atmosphere is amazing and the food is even better.	0	1
Do not let the odd shape dish fool you, it's a lot of food.	0	1
This is a place I have been going to for years and years, good food and great atmosphere as well, it is a place I can go to at anytime and see a friendly face.	0	1
Joe the kitchen manager is cool, friendly staff, healthy food portions size and place is super clean!	0	1
 I feel like it was over all one of the best food and entertainment values so far in Vegas.	0	1
Best service I had at a gay night club.	2	1
Food was delicious, service was excellent.	0	1
Food was delicious, service was excellent.	2	1
  Great burgers and cold drinks at very reasonable prices.	1	1
Great for food and the live music.	0	1
 Italian food is amazing.	0	1
If you want good pub grub food and drinks and a awesome price, this is the place.	1	1
So, great food, good drink prices, and one of the most friendly bars you can find..	0	1
So, great food, good drink prices, and one of the most friendly bars you can find..	1	1
 Great service, looking forward to trying the sandwiches.	2	1
Great service food and decor.	0	1
Great service food and decor.	2	1
 Great comedians, great service, and great fun!	2	1
It was refreshing to have quick service on a Friday night along with friendly servers!	2	1
The food here is pretty awesome.	0	1
The food was priced very decently and the serving sizes were more than enough.	0	1
I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for really tasty authentic Mexican food.	0	1
The food is fresh, quality and with hefty portions too.	0	1
The smokin cue is incredible, amazing employees as well as great people to meet and hang with it does get a little busy on the nights of league but still a great place to play pool, the prices are great the food is great overall​ the smokin cue is an amazing establishment	0	1
The smokin cue is incredible, amazing employees as well as great people to meet and hang with it does get a little busy on the nights of league but still a great place to play pool, the prices are great the food is great overall​ the smokin cue is an amazing establishment	1	1
The food was very good and very affordable.	0	1
Awesome food, great price and great service!	0	1
Awesome food, great price and great service!	2	1
Awesome food, great price and great service!	1	1
VIP can be very fun at Bar Room, the girls are great in this area, seating is pretty comfortable and prices are reasonable considering...	1	1
I loved the restaurant, service was great and I really enjoyed my food!	0	1
I loved the restaurant, service was great and I really enjoyed my food!	2	1
Stephen was our server he recommended wine beer pizza and the salad everything was wonderful and so enjoyed sitting outside weather was perfect enjoyed his friendly service	2	1
The owner was very nice to us, and the price was reasonable.	1	1
Great food, but the pizza is where it shines.	0	1
Great food during the day corner bar feel.	0	1
Extraordinary service, incredible food.	0	1
Extraordinary service, incredible food.	2	1
Plus it's insanely cheap, good food and drinks, in a fun atmosphere.	0	1
Service is attentive and kind, and the trivia host is smokin' hot.	2	1
Great bar, great service.	2	1
 Prices are good even for a casino!	1	1
The service was quite fast.	2	1
The prices here were very reasonable.	1	1
 Their food is delicious and their prices are very fair!	0	1
 Their food is delicious and their prices are very fair!	1	1
Friendly attentive service, yummy drinks.	2	1
 Prices are definitely reasonable.	1	1
Fantastic place good bar food and low price drinks.	0	1
AND they have great food!	0	1
Good prices and service but great for breakfast too!	2	1
Good prices and service but great for breakfast too!	1	1
Fantastic food and amazing drinks!	0	1
All of the food was really great.	0	1
The service was quick and timely.	2	1
Great hookah and service chill atmosphere, good hip hop music playing and the al glass hookahs hit well, great prices and great staff	1	1
Service was very friendly and relaxed.	2	1
We will be back again because of the great service we received!	2	1
We ended up being really pleased with the service.	2	1
Although not always cheap, you're paying for great service and atmosphere so do not let that deter you from having one of the best bar experiences in down town montreal.	2	1
Cute little place, amazing food, great drinks, & loved Ashely who assisted us!	0	1
 I digress......this location consistently has excellent service.	2	1
This place is cool, hip, has affordable drinks, great service and did I mention the FREE snacks on Monday nights?	2	1
Bottom line	0	1
Friendly service that gives you a sense of belonging.	2	1
The service is great, owner is very friendly and challenged us to a hot wing contest and gave us over $100 worth of free food and beer.	2	1
 I love supporting our new local restaurants in the casino not only because the food is fantastic, but the employees are just as well.	0	1
 Love it and their service to loyal locals.	2	1
Down to earth bar at is finest with great drink prices!	1	1
This bar has just changed owners, the food is awesome and the staff is excellent!	0	1
Food was delicious, service warm and attentive.	0	1
Food was delicious, service warm and attentive.	2	1
The food was excellent.	0	1
The staff did a wonderful job and the service was excellent.	2	1
The food was amazing from first to last bite (and we finished every single bite)!	0	1
Middlefield tavern is a wonderful place to meet friends have a beer and get some of the best food in Geauga county.	0	1
This is a great bar great food great drinks the bartenders and cooks are amazing.	0	1
They got great service, their food is excellent.	2	1
 After you make it to a certain status in gambling, you get invited to these fantastic foodie events.	0	1
Food and service are over the top!	0	1
Food and service are over the top!	2	1
Ambiance was great, service was friendly, and help-yourself appetizers made it easy to keep a balanced stomach without playing the usual guessing game of ordering more apps and wondering what size they'll be.	2	1
The service was amazing and they where both so friendly and helpful.	2	1
 They have a full grass driving range (no mats to scuff up your clubs), amazing food, affordable drinks, sand volleyball, and even cornhole.	0	1
The food was fresh and perfectly seasoned and the service was friendly and fast.	0	1
The food was fresh and perfectly seasoned and the service was friendly and fast.	2	1
It's a highly original establishment, serving top quality food and drink as well.	0	1
 Come visit Tony best service and chill vibes.	2	1
Very nice place and priced well for the quality and selection.	1	1
 Great food with varied menu and always have the best craft beers on tap-----can't beat happy hour prices or steelers game free bufftets with big screens.	0	1
 I would recommend to anyone that wants a good time and good food.	0	1
 The service was absolutely perfect, from start to finish, she had great suggestions, perfect timing, attentive but not intrusive .	2	1
 The food was awesome, the drink selection was vast and the dance floor rocked.	0	1
  We had VIP tickets as well - the food was an incredible spread that lasted for almost the entire time by Todd English P.U.B.	0	1
 Food is home made and delicious and to die for!	0	1
 Service and atmosphere is outstanding!	2	1
 Owner is so passionate about excellent food and drink!	0	1
The new Chef makes great food with extremely reasonable prices.	0	1
The new Chef makes great food with extremely reasonable prices.	1	1
The portions are generous and the service is very friendly as always.	2	1
Service was friendly and happy.	2	1
Our food arrived quickly and to order.	0	1
Italian food done right!	0	1
Not only did they completely accommodate us and our party on their special night, the service was beyond amazing.	2	1
Great service, friendly, welcoming and perfect bar food.	0	1
Great service, friendly, welcoming and perfect bar food.	2	1
Also the customer service is great, the owner came out to make sure our food was good and the waitresses came to check on us and refill our beverages.	0	1
Also the customer service is great, the owner came out to make sure our food was good and the waitresses came to check on us and refill our beverages.	2	1
Wonderful ambience, music, service!	2	1
You can rent a private room for you and your friends for minimum 2 hours for a modest price or pay 10 dollars (which included a free drink when I went) for the main room.	1	1
The service was great.	2	1
Great selection, awesome service and friendly crowd!	2	1
 The beers are world-class, the food is fantastic, and the atmosphere is really pleasant.	0	1
Great service friendly staff....awesome kpop and sports on the big screens.	2	1
Very good costumer service	2	1
Great food, excellent Happy Hour with an amazing buffet!	0	1
Their food is great and both food and drinks are such great prices!	0	1
Their food is great and both food and drinks are such great prices!	1	1
If you're looking for a yummy bottle of wine for a reasonable price then look no further that Table Wine.	1	1
The shisha place has a very friendly atmosphere and the prices are very reasonable.	1	1
 Food was great, service was fantastic, and the portion of the rice bowl was very surprising.	0	1
 Food was great, service was fantastic, and the portion of the rice bowl was very surprising.	2	1
We seek him out for his great service and down to earth personality.	2	1
The food is very authentic Italian, and we highly recommend it.	0	1
 Great atmosphere, food, and service.	0	1
 Great atmosphere, food, and service.	2	1
  We've been there several times, and the food has been delicious every time.	0	1
  The service has always been fast and helpful.	2	1
Very clean, great prices,drink specials every day.	1	1
The atmosphere was warmly and friendly, the service was great and the food was incredible!	0	1
The atmosphere was warmly and friendly, the service was great and the food was incredible!	2	1
 Nicholas was our bartender and we enjoyed some good food\/drinks\/gaming.	0	1
Good food (I had the cheesesteak) Staff is very Friendly and welcoming.	0	1
 Bartenders are very attentive and prices are very reasonable!	1	1
I'd deem it to be really great service and the staff has always been pleasant.	2	1
His vision of a plaza of Italian food should be a great neighborhood destination and Ralphie is already setting the bar for quality food in a non-pretentious, friendly, Cave Creek-values kind of way.	0	1
Or get comfort food on Italian night.	0	1
 Great service and LOVE that I see the owner when I go there!	2	1
Drinks are fairly priced & the food as well.	0	1
Drinks are fairly priced & the food as well.	1	1
I've always been impressed with their staff downstairs at the pub, special note of awesome service by Aaron this week who put a ton of effort into making sure the out of towners had a memorable time.	2	1
 Service was friendly, fireplace was on, country music with a very good sound system.	2	1
 Would highly recommend the service and ESPECIALLY requesting Anthony as your host!	2	1
I have visited Towne Tavern Indian Land, and have received nothing but top notch service.	2	1
Great place, good prices, good time.	1	1
Wonderful new bar with great bartenders and great food.	0	1
 I really like the big TVs and the great service.	2	1
Great drinks, great service.	2	1
Good flights, good food, good service, and a private room if you want a happy hour with numerous folks.	0	1
Good flights, good food, good service, and a private room if you want a happy hour with numerous folks.	2	1
The food were delicious, especially the calamari.	0	1
 The restaurant is welcoming and the food is delicious  and fresh!	0	1
Excellent service and food.	2	1
His services are a bargain and I recommend using Connected Montreal for your party.	2	1
Service was excellent and atmosphere is trendy and relaxed.	2	1
Prices are extremely reasonable.	1	1
The service was great and our food came out in a timely manner.	2	1
Simple tasty breakfast and excellent friendly service.	2	1
The service is very friendly and accommodating--we were picky about our food, and they made everything cheerfully to spec.	2	1
Im at the Dottys near Rainbow & Windmill, Omar is awesome, if your looking for great customer service, youll get it here.	2	1
 His specials are large servings and reasonable prices.	1	1
nice place and service, there was a gentleman with glasses( don't remember his name)  by himself, he was so kind and helpful.	2	1
 The bartender, Paul, is very attentive and has excellent customer service.	2	1
 Yeah I know it's graveyard and it's a bit slower but still great service always goes a long way.	2	1
Good food good service.	2	1
The servers & owners offer excellent customer service.	2	1
Easy to work with, reasonable prices, and great service.	2	1
Easy to work with, reasonable prices, and great service.	1	1
Great artist (don't know the others), great atmosphere, great location, prices and great hours.	1	1
It seems that the right price pointed drink and food menu, combined with a pleasant atmosphere, and an unimposing hipster decor make this casual restaurant a habit forming meeting, dining and cocktail bar destination downtown.	1	1
This place was amazing very impressed and great prices !	1	1
Great drinks at good prices and friendly service.	2	1
Great drinks at good prices and friendly service.	1	1
Tonight we had amazing service and food...	2	1
Most amazing food and service we have experienced in Calgary.	2	1
The service is fantastic -- more than 5-Stars!	2	1
 Fair prices and great interior.	1	1
 A classic neighborhood bar with great food at reasonable prices.	1	1
Lots of booze to choose from at a reasonable price, the bartenders are all TS with great personalities and easy to get along with.	1	1
First, all of the tacos are VERY reasonably priced imo.	1	1
Best wings on town.They have a whole lot of different flavors.Very reasonable prices.	1	1
 Prices so reasonable.	1	1
The price is right compared to other venues around town!	1	1
A good selection of cigars at very reasonable prices.	1	1
 They make you feel at home right away, they have a sick shop and great prices!	1	1
Oh, they also have the best prices on growlers I've seen in Montreal so far.	1	1
   Service and price are great!	1	1
The dinner alone was worth the price of admission only to be outdone by the stellar show performance.	1	1
They have a great happy hour prices!	1	1
Overall great prices, great people, and a great time!	1	1
  Well priced	1	1
The inside is a bit rundown but, the staff is awesome, and the prices are fair.	1	1
 Elliott is the friendliest, best bartender on the world, the atmosphere is adorable and comfortable, the drinks are always perfect, and the prices are so much more reasonable than 99% of other local bars.	1	1
 There was a nice mix of girls and guys, the drinks were reasonably priced, and the food was surprisingly good.	1	1
Prices are fair with the service you get.	1	1
 Will definitely use again and the prices were great!	1	1
Dizzys is such a great little bar with great prices.	1	1
As others said, reasonably priced for the amount of food you get and if you don't mind louder than usual music, it's well worth it.	1	1
Prices compared to other places are also great.	1	1
Prices were reasonable, especially considering both quality and portion size.	1	1
Food prices are reasonable too.	1	1
The lounge area is well decorated, incredible local Music Karaoke, nice price, and a great atmosphere.	1	1
Small hole in the wall, but alcohol prices were amazing.	1	1
 The prices are reasonable.	1	1
The beer is good and very reasonable priced.	1	1
Best shisha in downtown with good price and variety of flavours.	1	1
The prices are good as well.	1	1
Good tunes, reasonable prices and fun staff made the evening a great experience.	1	1
Very reasonable prices and they are the sweetest people in the world.	1	1
Go here on a Saturday and look for John the bartender, makes a great drink, prices are right, little dive joint but a great place to relax and have a drink.	1	1
Drink prices are standard but a very good deal!	1	1
The prices are reasonable considering how long a hookah can last.	1	1
Loved the food and the price.	1	1
Clean cool place to hang where the drinks flow for a vervy reasonable price.	1	1
  The best price and food for kids.	1	1
Great prices and great service too!	1	1
Good prices, delicious food and great atmosphere!	1	1
Great prices, gorgeous waitresses.	1	1
Great experience, friendly staff, great prices.	1	1
Get delicious grub at affordable prices.	1	1
Everything was absolutely amazing and worth the price.	1	1
Prices were reasonable for Toronto and the owner and staff were really helpful and friendly making you feel at home.	1	1
 They made it so easy and found us a great hotel price everyone was happy with.	1	1
The food was great and prices were good.	1	1
Their prices seem to be the cheapest in the village on the St.	1	1
About 7+ beers on tap and the prices are really good.	1	1
This is a great bar, with good food, good prices and amazing staff.	1	1
It has great service and the prices are great.	1	1
 The price per hour is reasonable and not charged per person.	1	1
Also, I think it's noteworthy to say that I don't think I saw a single food item on their menu that was priced above $10, so their prices are more than reasonable, and for the quality, you can't beat it!	1	1
Excellent food at an excellent price in a nice ambiance with really friendly service.	1	1
Horrible food, worse music, inattentive staff and overpriced drinks.	0	0
Horrible food, worse music, inattentive staff and overpriced drinks.	1	0
Horrible customer service!	2	0
I will never use their services.	2	0
Service was rude and security was rude.	2	0
Both trips the service was extremely poor.	2	0
I agree on the bad service!!! the last 2 times have been BAD! I got up and left the last time.	2	0
The problem I have is that I sent in to them recent a concern about this and the poor food and never got a reply from them We use to eat there 2 or more times a week	0	0
Absolutely nasty food, terrible service and a customer base that's straight out of the trailor park.	0	0
Absolutely nasty food, terrible service and a customer base that's straight out of the trailor park.	2	0
I'd avoid spending your hard earned cash on what seems to be pre cooked frozen food.	0	0
-majority of the food was cold	0	0
-a lot of the food was stale 	0	0
Not sure why anyone would expect a tip when they provide the worst possible service.	2	0
Worst service I've ever had in Calgary.	2	0
 The food had also clearly been sitting under the lamp for quite some time, as the fries were lukewarm and the lettuce on the burgers wilted.	0	0
 The manager ended up comping 2 of our meals after we complained about the terrible lack of service we had recieved, but it wasn't enough to make me ever go back.	2	0
Food was meh, and overpriced.	0	0
Food was meh, and overpriced.	2	0
She didn't get very good tips from us because the food was so so and her service was terrible.	2	0
Service was horrible.	2	0
One one occasion, I got my iPhone stolen by the busboy, and when I went yesterday we got the rudest service from the barman.	2	0
Awful service.	2	0
The waitstaff and hostess were completely clueless to nearly every single question we had (we were asking about happy hour specials), their menus are outdated such that the waitress had to explicitly mention that it was not valid, and the food experience was very poor.	0	0
Don't know if it was lack of service or what because I left too...	2	0
The service is poor.	2	0
The service was extremely slow and we had to wait 20 minutes for our check	2	0
The food sucks especially the pork sisig too fatty, fat all the way.	0	0
The service was awful.	2	0
we had also ordered food, The food was very subpar and took quite awhile.	0	0
Service was extremely SLOW only one server, my family was halfway done w\/ dinner before I got my cold pizza, asked for fettuccini Alfredo but got  fettuccini noodles with red sauce,  never got drink refills, took 15 minutes to get my check and the owner just sitting at bar could care less.	2	0
Drinks are well overpriced for such a dirty establishment.	1	0
On top of everything the menu was overpriced and the food under delivered.	1	0
 Oh...and for such crappy service, they make sure to tack on a 15% gratuity at their discretion.	2	0
First of all the service is very poor, no one was around to even ask for water after the food was served.	2	0
Very disappointing service, I found the food extremely overpriced and the menu boring.	0	0
Very disappointing service, I found the food extremely overpriced and the menu boring.	1	0
Very disappointing service, I found the food extremely overpriced and the menu boring.	2	0
 Service poor, food not great.	0	0
 Service poor, food not great.	2	0
Over priced for what you get.	1	0
The worstttt service! Actually I didn't get any service!	2	0
Food was also way overpriced.	0	0
  The rudest customer service i have ever had in madison.	2	0
Service was terrible, gyro was not cooked all the way, order was short( no gyro sauce).	2	0
The service is awful.	2	0
The people that received they're orders stated the food was cold.	0	0
Overpriced and watered down drinks.	1	0
Prices are not true, table d'hote plread carefully, all +$ ceaser salad +2$, coffee they tell you pick any but not true add	1	0
 The service is horrid, the wings were way over fried, dry, dry, dry.	2	0
  For what I spent at this \"festival\" on teeny tiny samples of wine and over priced food - I could have gone to a good concert.	1	0
Worst bar services ever.	2	0
Food was lackluster and environment just was to dark for my tastes.	0	0
Service I snot only slow but cheap and almost not existent.	2	0
You have to pay for all wine tastings, really anything at the event which was very over priced	1	0
Even on an empty stomach, the food we ordered was pathetic.	0	0
The food is also not very good, the calamari is very salty.	0	0
The food gets cold quickly too because of the poor insulation.	0	0
The service here is pretty bad.	2	0
We ordered four entrees and two apps, all were equally bad and overpriced.	1	0
Did I mention the food came to us cold.	0	0
The food was awful and tasteless.	0	0
Very bad service and i had the worst martini ever !!!	2	0
Worst service at sports bar.	2	0
The food took 1h45 minutes to arrive and was cold.	0	0
Customer service stinks	2	0
Drinks are WEAK and way overpriced.	1	0
Worst bottle service experience I have ever had!!	2	0
The worst service I've ever had.	2	0
The service is absolutely terrible.	2	0
The food is overpriced, makes my stomach hurt and me feel sick, and it gives me the shits.	0	0
The food is overpriced, makes my stomach hurt and me feel sick, and it gives me the shits.	1	0
The service now is horrible I will never eat at this restaurant again I asked for medium spice and it was brought to the table as Extra hot and the lamb chop in the platter was a small bone piece.	2	0
On behalf of all Africans I apologize for the horrible service and food here.	0	0
On behalf of all Africans I apologize for the horrible service and food here.	2	0
This ordeal of deafening music and bad service lasted over 1.5 hours.	2	0
It was dirty, service was bad.	2	0
The food was disappointing and the music was terrible and way to loud.	0	0
Food is really bad and staff is rude	0	0
This place has the worst customer service skills, they act as if they are all that.	2	0
Food was good when it finally arrived but the service was horrible.	2	0
The food was good but because if the slow service, poor management, and sudden price changes, I would not recommend going here.	2	0
this is been by far the worst service we've ever experienced.	2	0
Also, it is incredibly overpriced for what you get.	1	0
 Drinks were overpriced and mediocre.	1	0
Terrible customer service, what kind of place is this doesn't even take credit card?!?	2	0
I've been there on several occasions and the service is consistently awful.	2	0
In my mind that is just terrible service.	2	0
Food is extremely greasy and tasteless.	0	0
Constantly messing up orders and awful customer service.	2	0
Overpriced and totally not worth it.	1	0
No seats at the bar and no service at our table.	2	0
 Bottom line - terrible service - I will never go back - nor would I recommend if to anyone.	2	0
Ridiculous price.	1	0
Very bad food.	0	0
I have to second the review about the unbelievably rude customer service.	2	0
This club was absolutely awful & the service was even worse.	2	0
Crappy food!!! Worst wings & steak skewers are garbage.	0	0
Horrible service, horrible food.	2	0
The food is substandard, the drinks selection is heavily lacking, and get this, CREDIT AND DEBIT CARDS AREN'T ACCEPTED.	0	0
Horrible service, horrible food.	0	0
this place is cool but no! The food is over priced and the pizza crust is absolutely awful! 	1	0
 Bartenders are not friendly and the service is horrible.	2	0
It's very unorganized which has caused bad customer service.	2	0
Their customer service is pathetic.	2	0
Juke box music and no service.	2	0
I've been coming here for years , new ownership a few months back and since then the bartenders that has been here for years quit and service now is horrible .	2	0
Very bad service black lady with a door haircut that wears a ball cap is extremely rude this is not the first time I've been in there but this will be the last..my advice to her treat people the way you want to be treated if you want to be treated like some dumb broad and keep treating people like we are all dumb broads.	2	0
Service is slow.	2	0
Service so slow and unorganized!	2	0
Real terrible service.	2	0
Terrible food, terrible service.	2	0
We went to have dinner there a couple of weeks ago but the service was horrible.	2	0
Bottom line	2	0
Horrible service with poor leadership!	2	0
Horrible service and they expelled me as a shit.	2	0
Service is horrendous!  I will never be back even if it was the last bar in Montreal !  Zero stars!  Had to give 1 star only because it made me!	2	0
Service overall was extremely slow.	2	0
The drinks are way over priced.	1	0
The service is worthless.	2	0
Overpriced, poor quality drinks and warm beer, won't be back.	1	0
but this one was just run down, decor inside was crap, drinks decent, and the offers for high priced \"fun\" keep coming throughout the evening, making a visit to simply watch & experience the atmosphere most uncomfortable.	1	0
- trying to charge ridiculous prices for minimal venue involvement ($2,500 just to use the venue as a hotel and to take pictures there),	1	0
Terrible service it took 45 minutes to get a drink.	2	0
Worst service imaginable.	2	0
I blame this on several things, not necessarily terrible service staff (although they really didn't handle the situations well) - there is one computer at the bar.	2	0
Horrible drink prices.	1	0
Absolutely terrible service from the bar staff.	2	0
 The service would have to have improved greatly to just be bad.	2	0
The lack of service and attitude really put a damper on our visit to this establishment.	2	0
Poor service, the waitress stayed behind the bar the majority of our night, cold flatbreads (went home to heat it up & still was sub par), the French fries are frozen (menu indicated they were skin on so had hoped for fresh cut).	2	0
The service was terrible from the moment I walked in, rude and very bad staff.	2	0
2) The drinks are over priced	1	0
Went to the new spot that opened called the parlor and the service was horrible.	2	0
Worst service I've experienced in some time.	2	0
If you like filthy bathrooms, overpriced bad beer with a dose of racism and homophobia thrown in, this is the bar for you.	1	0
Is dirty bad service and bad food	2	0
This bar is not worth your time or money! Liquor is over priced and the staff are shady and try to rip the few customers off that they have.	1	0
The service is always sub-par and the drinks and food are about the same.	2	0
Worst customer service in years!!	2	0
Our bottle service girl was horrible, each time she brought our juice canters shed drop one or a couple of our drinks and just walk away! 	2	0
Poor service and horrible food.Ordered food that took forever and just was awful.	2	0
Wow, service was none existent.	2	0
Unimpressed with the service.	2	0
Service is bad food is bad I think she microwaves everything I would not recommend this place!	2	0
Awful service, got order wrong and didn't offer to remake it or comp it on the bill.	2	0
 The manager ended up covering the bill of my whole party due to the horrendous service.	2	0
Had the WORST service ever.	2	0
Worst service I have ever had in a bar!! Had the bartenders looking over at the 4 of us as they drank shots.	2	0
I had horrible service from Harkey and saqeeb.	2	0
Service is terrible, food is terrible, overpriced and they false advertise prices on their own menu.	1	0
The service is really spotty.	2	0
Lousy service.	2	0
The food was so overpriced and tasted terrible.	1	0
Cannot remember the last time I had worse service, or worse food.	2	0
Slow service, people who came in 20 minutes after we were seated got their meals before we had received our drinks, let alone order meals.	2	0
Terrible to go service...	2	0
The service was terrible, bar tenders had no clue how to make a simple cocktail, wait times for drinks were north of 20min and everything was way overpriced.	2	0
The service was terrible, bar tenders had no clue how to make a simple cocktail, wait times for drinks were north of 20min and everything was way overpriced.	1	0
The bar has plenty of potential with the large space they occupy, though I don't see them lasting too long with such horrible service.	2	0
 I dont expect much from bottle service girls but at least come and check up on us once in a while...we just gave you a 15% tip on top of overprice bottles.	1	0
 Now, the menu is a little pricey for bar food.	1	0
 Also, the drinks are way over priced.	1	0
Decent food, way overpriced.	1	0
the drinks are incredibly over priced.	1	0
Over priced beers and nobody knows anything about there beers .	1	0
Drinks were ridiculously priced as I had to pay for the full Redbull to accompany a Jagerbomb.	1	0
The prices are ridiculous for such a place.	1	0
I don't know if the drinks are pricey because my friend and I were driving, so that means no drinking.	1	0
Poor managment , overpriced foods , low quality and overpriced cocktails.	1	0
Food prices are ridiculous.	1	0
Over priced and I couldn't not believe their attitude.	1	0
Way overpriced for the quality, go elsewhere!	1	0
Worst of all for the ticket price and lousy food the servers couldn't even be attentive enough to fill my water glass.	1	0
What an absolute chaotic, overpriced mess...	1	0
Everything is overpriced and the staff is terrible.	1	0
The food did not taste fresh at all and very overpriced.	1	0
While we ordered the usual drinks (they were fine), the food is overpriced and lacking.	1	0
Absolutely disgusting! Waaay over priced!	1	0
 Pussycat's is expensive to get in, looks like a flophouse, and the lap dances are all a complete scam.	1	0
Boring music, expensive drinks..	1	0
But no, this new menu was very expensive! $15-$10 apps and $30 entrees...no pizzas anywhere on the menu.	1	0
  These tickets were expensive.	1	0
The music is too loud, the drinks are expensive and the bar stuff is rude.	1	0
A fucking rip-off and way too expensive...	1	0
and the drinks were expensive.	1	0
The selection was expensive and all canned.	1	0
Also very expensive food for what it really is.	1	0
Literally a rip off drinks are expensive as hell and watered down.	1	0
It's expensive to get in, the girls are average and they are very pushy getting you to spend money (much more than usual).	1	0
Holy crap this place is expensive.	1	0
Drinks are super expensive too.	1	0
Tried to pay overpriced bill with credit card and was told machine wasn't working , but I could get cash out of their atm.	1	0
Inside it's a stick up its butt, overpriced, dimly lit place where the pretty people can grind to hip hop and talk about their favorite Kardashian.	1	0
It was pretty good and very pricey,  but they double charged my card as did the steak house too.	1	0
Very over priced and not a lot to do.	1	0
And very over priced for the food you get.	1	0
Be prepared to pay incredibly high prices for shitty beer, from the smuggest bartenders in the land.	1	0
Prices overall were higher than normal for subpar service.	1	0
 But the prices just seem outrageous.	1	0
Moreover, this place is overpriced.	1	0
All in all this bar's staff was rude and overly pretentious, the service was poor and the drinks were over priced.	1	0
The drinks as expected overpriced and seriously what is it about Canadian bartenders and their lack of knowledge on how to make shots?	1	0
Poorly managed, average overpriced food, no alcohol	1	0
Super over priced bottle service, not worth the money for this place.	1	0
Horrible costumer service and super over priced! They charge ridiculous amount of money or force you to purchase 5buckets of beer just to sit down.	1	0
you'll find yourself paying for way over priced food , that I honestly don't think they even have a license to sell.	1	0
Poor food high priced and terrible service.been there once would never go back.	1	0
The worst service I have ever had in a pricey restaurant.	1	0
When the bill came, we fortunately double checked it, but guess what? We were charged the higher price.	1	0
The food was just fair and overpriced.	1	0
 They were very pricey for what you got!	1	0
Way too pricey even for North Scottsdale.	1	0
One look and you know you're in for an over priced, bad airport bar experience, and they really deliver on that promise.	1	0
 Food was lousy and very over priced.	1	0
Pretty overpriced for very average food! The wine was ok though.	1	0
There are too many other good restaurants in Toronto to deal with the rude service and high prices.	1	0
Wine pretty expensive for the quality but that may not be unique to this place - i have little experience in Toronto to compare.	1	0
The drinks were expensive for what you get.	1	0
this is just taking advantage because prices are too expensive for tasteless food !!!	1	0
this is just taking advantage because prices are too expensive for tasteless food !!!	1	0
Service was terrible, Beer was flat, Food was overcooked and nachos had no cheese.	0	0
The food was inedible and the beer was overpriced.	0	0
The food was terrible.	0	0
No flavor to the food...awful.	0	0
Food just plain bad.	0	0
Worried about food poisoning and threw it all away!	0	0
If possible avoid this place! The ideas of it seem great!!! But the service and food was below standard.	0	0
The food dribbled out so some were about done eating as others food came out.	0	0
slow slow slow nasty cold food.	0	0
The food was awful, My wife and I went there a few months ago and I hope they have improved their bar food or stopped serving food all together.	0	0
The service was terrible, the food was awful.	0	0
The crowds are douchey, cover is too expensive, and the music is usually Top 40 crap.	1	0
Juices are over priced.	1	0
Watch out for over priced wings and rooms on weekends.	1	0
Overpriced drinks, horrible coffee.	1	0
This place is ridiculously over priced.	1	0
Service was horrible,  food was horrible,  I hope I don't get food poisoning later.	0	0
Originally it had over priced drinks with some music and a lounge environment.	1	0
I hope they can improve the food soon.	0	0
Ridiculously over priced.	1	0
Very slow service, mediocre food.	0	0
The food was just ok, if not a bit overpriced.	1	0
From the bad food to the transphobic humour , and poor drink selection	0	0
 Though the bartender made us some bomb shooters, they were 8 bucks a piece!  Also, I really dont come to a downtown bar to see little skanks wearing \"catholic school\" outfits serving overpriced drinks to the wanna be hot guys only, completely ignoring us chicks.	1	0
Absolutely terrible music, no real dance floor, and very pricey overall.	1	0
Food was horrible.	0	0
So I went to finish my high priced cheap drink in the vacant pool room out back whilst talking to a friend on my phone.	1	0
They kept bringing us wrong food that we said wasn't ours.	0	0
The food is mediocre at best.	0	0
The food is terrible and the management just proved incompetent for even so much as an apology.	0	0
Furthermore, the food was not fresh, nor authentic- rice with the meal was not even boiled properly.	0	0
Experienced long waits, horrible service and poor food quality.	0	0
The waitresses are rude, there food is awful.	0	0
 Unless you enjoy bad food, an indifferent, rude experience from the staff and overpriced drinks, I would stay away.	0	0
Our food was not good at all.	0	0
Food	0	0
Food was meh.	0	0
The food was just bad.	0	0
Horrible food, terrible service, low life crowd.	0	0
 The food is awful and very overpriced.	0	0
 food was terrible and high dollar.	0	0
 i guess we will see what comes next...need mexican food place badly.	0	0
Food is so unseasoned, I don't even believe they put salt on the chicken.	0	0
Food is pricey and nothing special at all.	0	0
Food is freezer burnt.	0	0
 Pretentious, eclectic and disjointed menu coupled with an overpriced and underwhelming food and service.	0	0
Food quality is a crap shoot as well.	0	0
the food is TERRIBLE and the service is ATROCIOUS!!!!!!	0	0
Our food was cold, the portions are very small and totally different from the menu.	0	0
A trend in reviews and comments I have heard in the restaurant.....bad food.	0	0
 Not good food or prices!	0	0
Slow, cold food and dry cold noodles.	0	0
From the service to the actual food, everything was bad.	0	0
Extremely overpriced, terrible service, and even worse food.	0	0
The food does not satisfy you what so ever! I got one small avocado toast and it's cost $19, disgusting! I wanted to cry.	0	0
 The food is horrible and the service is extremely slow.	0	0
It tasted like microwave food.	0	0
My food tasted like smoke.	0	0
Food was terrible...think microwave specials.	0	0
Food served stone cold.	0	0
  Food was otherwise not too bad.	0	0
Food is horrible, and the waitress\/bar tender is clueless.	0	0
Just overall poor service (lack there of) and the food is not great either.	0	0
Food served stone cold.	0	0
Food had no flavor, my michelada was nothing but Clamato..	0	0
Long waits, cold food, and a less-than-spotless floor and general area.	0	0
The food was horrible!!! The food in the pictures definitely changed Chicken fingers?...	0	0
I used to frequently go to Tumbleweeds (the restaurant before this one) and always got awesome service and awesome food.	0	0
Forgot dishes, poor service, nearly inedible food.	0	0
Food was overcooked and the waitress didn't really seem to care.	0	0
Ugly decor, terrible service, disgusting food.	0	0
The atmosphere and interior design of the place is great, unfortunate the food, drinks and service left a lot to be desired.	0	0
Food samples tasted pretty awful.	0	0
The food here is as bad as the restaurant name.	0	0
The food was not worth the $17 I paid.	0	0
Food is not so great, place itself is generally dirty and grimy.	0	0
Food served stone cold.	0	0
The food was not good.	0	0
The food was not tasty, and it finished soo fast and they didnt refill it.	0	0
The service was ok but the food was a huge disappointment.	0	0
Fabulous service everytime I have come here.	2	1
 I Worked the event, own a photo booth business, I LOVED how attentive the service was.	2	1
Plus the price is unbeatable!	1	1
 If you live in town, you can buy a season pass for (IMO, surprisingly compared to other local pools) a very reasonable price.	1	1
 I was impressed with the selection and service provided at Campers Village, and would certainly return if I found myself looking for other outdoors gear while in Calgary.	2	1
Great company, great price and great ride!	1	1
 Food was cooked perfect and service was great.	2	1
 Prices are reasonable and distinct, other bike stores would only quote me a huge range in price, cause they only see $$$ and not a long term customer.	1	1
The service was quick and was setup for two mountain bikes that fit our size 6'0\" and 6'5\" perfectly.	2	1
Again the service was friendly and felt welcome here.	2	1
This one is one of the top ones in customer service, cleanliness, and upkeep.	2	1
Bar service was quick, the food came out quickly (we literally ordered one of everything, and went back for more), and the bowling was a great time.	2	1
Quick service turnaround.	2	1
Have great instructors wonderful classes and affordable prices!	1	1
 They are relatively new in town from Colorado and they have the best service unlike the other Scottsdale bike shops.	2	1
The customer service is the best at any rental place I have ever been to.	2	1
I was highly impressed with their service and appreciation for their customers.	2	1
Great equipment, fantastic showers, and complimentary towel service.	2	1
 Friendly staff, quality rooms, and great prices.	1	1
 Cycle Vegas may be a small operation compared to others but he excels in service, responsiveness, as well as bike and ride quality.	2	1
 Service was excellent and he got a great used pair for $30!	2	1
Excellent food and service.	2	1
The prices are very reasonable and sometimes we stay and play in the activity pool outside.	1	1
Customer service is great and the facilities are wonderul.	2	1
  He will sell you good quality equipement, suited to your needs, at very reasonable prices without trying yo upsale you!	1	1
 We had impeccable service from the whole staff!	2	1
Customer service is great, the bikes are great, and the trails are amazing.	2	1
The service was great on a Friday night, it wasn't too busy.	2	1
  Customer Service is beyond great, ATVs were a blast to ride, and the desert scenery was incredible!	2	1
Everything you want in a box and at a prefect price.	1	1
Got the present at a great price too.	1	1
  Very knowledgeable staff and good service.	2	1
 And also thry have really good flexible times and great customer service	2	1
This bike shop and the man who runs it, Chris offers the best quality bike service you can find in the entire United States.	2	1
 They have a full service gym also and offer daycare while you workout.	2	1
Great price, nice small lake, very relaxing.	1	1
This is a hit or miss depending on their stock and what you are looking for, but I always find great items and excellent prices.	1	1
 The customer service is excellent.	2	1
The prices are also reasonable.	1	1
I knew the service was top notch because a friend bought all of his snowboard gear from them.	2	1
Also great customer service.	2	1
Wonderful selection and service.	2	1
Service was fast, friendly & done right.	2	1
I've also bought accessories from here and found they have a well curated selection of good stuff at fair prices.	1	1
 Super friendly service -- even when I brought the bike back with a cut sidewall.	2	1
 Very clean, well organized and all the added services are a bonus.	2	1
I would recommend this place if you need a good adjustment he is amazing, and he has the best Customer Service Rachel is very sweet and very kind,  and at the end of adjustment if you're nice Rachel gives you a little bit of a massage at the end it's a great combination to fit together this office is very wonderful and I would recommend it to anybody.	2	1
 High quality clothing at great prices and a huge selection for an outlet.	1	1
 We had awesome service and everyone who worked there were fun and super nice.	2	1
The membership okay and price very good deal!	1	1
The prices are reasonable and scheduling is flexible.	1	1
 Not only are they friendly, knowledgeable and reasonable priced but they really care about you having a great experience.	1	1
Unpretentious, helpful and reasonably priced.	1	1
Very nice people, great customer service.	2	1
Gnar Gnar and its merry band of Gnarsters is one of the best, most thought out, and innovative services I've come across in the pantheon of mountain biking.	2	1
Great value - guests told us the food tasted great, minimal decorations required since the hall is already quite beautiful and more than reasonable prices.	1	1
Great service in a little family owned shop.	2	1
In both cases I received fantastic service.	2	1
Anyways the prices are exceptionally reasonable and competitive since you get coaching and they prepare you for fights if you wish to compete.	1	1
 Very good service all around.	2	1
The prices are fine, you have flexibility depending on how many classes you want to do per week, and how long you want to sign up for.	1	1
They offer those facilities to rent with reasonable price.	1	1
 Best products and best service around!	2	1
Absolutely the best customer service.	2	1
Amy was awesome wit her customer service and gave me a lot of confidence about the experience.	2	1
First off, it was really reasonably priced for the two of us to golf 18 holes at $6.00 per person.	1	1
Service	2	1
Great service, communication and mostly importantly people (& atvs:))!	2	1
The prices are very reasonable.	1	1
 Great price per hour, friendly and observant staff (in regards to safety), and excellent facilities!	1	1
 Great customer service seems to come naturally to this place!	2	1
Their service is top notch!	2	1
They have great packages with affordable prices for everyone.	1	1
High quality, good price, amazing service.	2	1
High quality, good price, amazing service.	1	1
All this special service for a very reasonable price.	2	1
All this special service for a very reasonable price.	1	1
Customer service is excellent - team is responsive and trustworthy.	2	1
I'm pretty new at the Viking thing but it seems very reasonable on the price as well.	1	1
 Friendly staff, all off the equipment I need, and you can't beat the price!	1	1
This place is amazing and the owners are extremely friendly prices are very reasonable and the rooms they have are really amazing varying in difficulty depending on what every group would want to do, definitely worth a visit or two.	1	1
 The prices here and at the main store are right on the money.	1	1
This shop has great customer service and takes the time to help you.	2	1
I will definitely recommend this place for its friendly staff and wonderful service.	2	1
All the other parents inquired about this place after the party and were very impressed with the friendliness and service we received.	2	1
To start, the customer service is outstanding.	2	1
There is also a ladies night every 3rd Tuesday and the price is very reasonable.	1	1
 You cannot go wrong for the price you pay.	1	1
 Excellent service and class schedule fit for a demanding lifestyle.	2	1
I recommend this gym to everybody looking for a full service facility.	2	1
 They are honest, great prices, and fast service.	2	1
 They are honest, great prices, and fast service.	1	1
Great friendly service at affordable prices.	2	1
 I would highly recommend, great service, great price, they just need to find a way to make me ride faster!	2	1
 I would highly recommend, great service, great price, they just need to find a way to make me ride faster!	1	1
 The classes are top rate and the prices are great.	1	1
I will return to use their services in the future and highly recommend them.	2	1
 The prices were also extremely reasonable.	1	1
 Done in a timely manner and it was a good price, compared to my other estimates.	1	1
The prices for bowling were very reasonable.	1	1
Great service and highly knowledgeable!	2	1
I think the monthly price and drop in are reasonable when compared to others.	1	1
I live in North Phoenix and it is hard to find a good local pool service but this company does it all.	2	1
They were reasonably priced and very competent.	1	1
Great place to go for the price.	1	1
 Their services do complement each other well.	2	1
Full of great surprises & super sweet customer service.	2	1
 They have good prices and a wide variety to choose from!	1	1
Complete marine has the best service dept in 2 states.	2	1
The food is great and the service is top notch.	2	1
The prices are always great which is hard to find in the Henderson, Las Vegas area.	1	1
You can rent 24 hour lockers for very reasonable price.	1	1
  Nice selection of equipment all in great shape and great prices!	1	1
Ticket prices are fair and there isn't a bad seat in the house.	1	1
Veterans are honored for their service by being  provided with a substantial discount to the CCW course.	2	1
The dedication to providing the best services is seen through their knowledge, collaboration, and ongoing analysis.	2	1
I'm grateful for the care he's provided both of us, and will continue to use his services and recommend him.	2	1
The owners are nice, the prices are more than fair and the location is perfect.	1	1
Totally worth the visit and prices.	1	1
I was so happy with their service that I couldn't leave the store empty handed, so I picked up a jar of local (Pahrump) honey.	2	1
The prices were good, and the great customer service.	2	1
The prices were good, and the great customer service.	1	1
The prices are reasonable as well.	1	1
I have not met the other owners but I sense Zach understands he is in a competitive service business and knows communication and timely service is very important to maintain and build a business.	2	1
 Cool spot with parking, reasonably priced sessions with open gym for clients.	1	1
 We had great service and a great time!	2	1
Escape Key is friendly to both newbies and veterans, the price is completely reasonable, and it's a lot of fun!	1	1
 Service was punctual, friendly, and professional.	2	1
They provided excellent customer service from start to finish.	2	1
Amazing customer service, never encountered people like this at a gun store before.	2	1
I have been coming to this gym for many years and have seen the changes between managers, Eric is top on my list of management, he knows the business and I feel runs a smooth service for anyone who goes there.	2	1
Very knowledgeable staff and good prices.	1	1
The service was impeccable and started as soon as we pulled up in the car.	2	1
Matt also has good rackets with affordable prices so I recommend if you go there and don't have a racket, buy one from him.	1	1
Outstanding customer service!	2	1
They greatly impressed me with both their customer service and integrity to do things right.	2	1
Service is highly personalized for individual needs; trainers are fantastic, motivating and well trained; atmosphere is upbeat; and I'm getting results.	2	1
 I look forward to our new established service with this company.	2	1
Their prices are also pretty good.	1	1
Not the lowest, but their customer service is excellent!	2	1
The introduction month price is a great deal to try out as many classes as you'd like at a super affordable price.	1	1
 Excellent customer service and just very friendly people.	2	1
As a college student, I generally wouldn't be able to afford this kind of care, so let's just say that the service is, well, \"affordable\".	2	1
There are also coaches available for hitting and pitching that offer private lessons and good prices.	1	1
Old Town Beach Cruisers have new bikes and accessories for sale also.We were very happy with our bikes and the wonderful friendly service we received from Emmanuel.	2	1
Social service agencies and organizations are always dear to my heart.	2	1
And I was seriously amazed and impressed that all proceeds are going to such an amazing social service organization that helps to empower under privileged women and give them the confidence to be work force ready.	2	1
Instructors are crazy energetic and talented and the prices are very very reasonable.	1	1
Overall, Great fun, with very awesome friendly service!	2	1
Awesome selection and prices.	1	1
Excellent service, great wings (love the spicy teriyaki), and a nice place to take the family.	2	1
Price and service, dedication can't be beat.	1	1
The membership is reasonable priced.	1	1
Best Taekwondo place ever, family spirit, reasonable price, caring for the kids, sport science minded, I took my daughter to 4 Taekwondo places before Master Seung's, but definitely this is the best.	1	1
   Price is very good!	1	1
The studio is beautiful, the instructors are friendly and nurturing, and the prices are reasonable.	1	1
Well worth the price.	1	1
They gym is awesome because you get 24\/7 access for an awesome price.	1	1
At $16 in the refillable souvenir cup it was well worth the price.	1	1
 You can't beat the service here and the prices were fair.	1	1
I think they save on overhead too by having their location off the main road which means savings passed on to the customer because they do have some of the best prices in the valley for printing shops.	1	1
The prices are really great for not only the amount of time spent there but also for the quality of care.	1	1
The prices are really fair (they fluctuate depending on when you go and whether you rent a full court or just drop-in) and they're open everyday until late in the evening.	1	1
Prices are reasonable, and it's a nice departure from the usual lunch spots.	1	1
Beautifully maintained and more than reasonably priced.	1	1
Their prices are the best you're going to find.	1	1
I have also found his prices are good especialy compared to the other stores I've been to.	1	1
Their prices are very reasonable for all items and services.	1	1
They provide excellent training for a reasonable price.	1	1
 Great price for a unique small guided ride and cowboy experience complete with .22 shooting, bow and arrow, axe throwing, and a cool one at the saloon!	1	1
 All prices include the cart, bonus!	1	1
Really excellent service, and positive environment to be in.	2	1
The feel of the place and their service was wonderful...	2	1
The work was done in a timely manner and the price was excellent.	1	1
Absolutely fabulous service and experience.	2	1
The prices are reasonable too!	1	1
 The ranges are in amazing shape and the service was awesome.	2	1
Wish every company was this dependable and obsessed with over the top customer service.	2	1
BEST golf service I have ever used in any city.	2	1
Great staff, clean facility, ultimately a great deal for the price.	1	1
  Very knowledgeable staff, great prices and if they don't have it on their shelf, they'll order for you!	1	1
If you need quality durability and great prices these guys are it period.	1	1
 Very reasonably priced; she did a craft, colored, played with play doh and ran around in their play area for $12.	1	1
Lunch and valet service were good.	2	1
 because membership is low, public can get in 18 holes at very resonable prices.	1	1
 the club grill offers good fare and good prices	1	1
The customer service was superb and not overbearing.	2	1
The price is very fair.	1	1
 The prices are very reasonable ($12 walking and $20 with a cart)	1	1
The service is probably the best I've experienced in any courses in the Mecklenburg County area.As soon as you drive up someone is there to pull your clubs from your vehicle and load them onto a cart.	2	1
The prices are very reasonable and they will go above and beyond the call of duty.	1	1
The food was fantastic and the service was top notch.	2	1
The prices are very fair, if not less expensive, in comparison to other studios in the area.	1	1
I love my boat and the customer service is amazing.	2	1
  Great prices, great classes, great atmosphere, and great staff!	1	1
Great company that offered rentals at affordable prices and the entire process was very  dry smooth.	1	1
 And for something so specialized and with such small classes, the price is great - only about $15 per class.	1	1
 I might take off half a star because his prices are very high.	1	1
To me, the prices of memberships are reasonable and the availability of classes is sufficient especially when I work swing shift so I will be getting a membership once my groupon is up.	1	1
Their selection is great, their prices can't be beat, and their employees are very helpful and knowledgeable about reloading questions and issues.	1	1
 Eric went the extra mile with every detail, handled absolutely everything and created our 'dream come true' pool at a wonderful price!	1	1
 Customer service at the snack bar was awful.	2	0
That was my worst experience, beside not-enough-spot parking lot and over-crawdedness and low quality customer service.	2	0
Most useless customer service blonde chubster girl at the front desk today.	2	0
Worst customer service I have ever received.	2	0
The head instructor, Maria Moilanen, does not know how to run a business nor how to conduct proper customer service.	2	0
I got no service.	2	0
I think it's too pricey for the kind of service we got.	2	0
I think it's too pricey for the kind of service we got.	1	0
The worst gym; poor service, unprofessional staff, and overall a place to avoid- Been a extreme fitness membership for 7 years, and Goodlife member for almost 3 years- never thought I would be treated so poorly.	2	0
After you do become a member, customer service goes down the drain.	2	0
 Prices are way to high for what u get.	1	0
Quite literally the worst customer service I have ever experienced.	2	0
At the end of it we were charged over $200 more than we had been quoted and, after expressing my displeasure at the horrible customer service, I was told I would the police would be called if I continued to speak to their manager instead of my boyfriend.	2	0
Needless to say, many years of loyal patronage have been destroyed by a single instance of abysmal customer service.	2	0
Terrible customer service!!!!!	2	0
I replied \"That's not very good customer service\" as I walked out to the parking lot behind the building.	2	0
Not worth the price we paid and also it was just in an unsanitary condition.	1	0
And it's for sure over priced.	1	0
Very poor management and customer service.	2	0
Over priced burger sure it was 1lb burger called the pittsburger , figured fries and coleslaw on 1lb burger.	1	0
Their online responses to people writing reviews are even rude, they do not care for your experience with their services.	2	0
Fitness Depot's management and customer service structure is their major downfall.	2	0
The equipment was still not properly repaired and it wasn't until a month or two later the store gave me a number to the national customer service centre to call and they managed to send a competent contractor to service and repair the gym equipment.	2	0
-Price higher than other yoga studio but facilities is bad 	1	0
Don't waste your time here if you want any customer service.	2	0
 The first hour of bowling was a lot of fun but this facility is run by an unprofessional merchant who could care less about customer service.	2	0
No one should have to pay for that \"service\".	2	0
Then on our way out, me liking to thank a business for providing a service to me, says \"Bye, thank you\" right at her, and absolutely no response.	2	0
 Poor customer service in the gym and the membership dept.	2	0
I have taken the kids there before nothing special expensive for poor cars and service.	2	0
My experience of using the services of this park  was horrible.	2	0
Horrible customer service, the guy at the front thinks he is a bada$$ with his stupid accent sounds like a fool and likes to run customers off by being a complete jerk.	2	0
Lanes are extremely overpriced at $40 an hour!!	1	0
The service was terrible, at one point a guy came in and we were talking about league bowling and they kicked him out because they said, you cannot be in here if you have not paid for bowling.	2	0
Customer Service is terrible.	2	0
Went there for a child's birthday party and was shocked and horrified by the treatment and service.	2	0
Very disappointed with the service that was offered at this centre.	2	0
- Price higher than other yoga studio but the facilities is bad 	1	0
Currently I would give it zero stars for customer service !	2	0
 I told them to stop as we were going to pick up the boat to such bad service.	2	0
 The manager told us we could pick up the boat and he would stop the any service.	2	0
Because of this poor customer service and not so friendly atmosphere I have changed to planet fitness.	2	0
 By the way I called to share I was discontinuing my membership and sent an e-mail and no one even asked why just goes to show the poor quality customer service.	2	0
OWNER IS SOOOO RUDE AND TREATS CUSTOMERS REPREHENSIBLY HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!	2	0
Just awful customer service.	2	0
After recently trying out another gym (Fitness 14), I wrote this review to help others avoid poor customer service.	2	0
Then there is the horrible business commutation and the overpriced membership, the dirty mats and floors, couches the horrible tasting tap water.	1	0
Your kids can't learn anything and its the same over-price membership for kids as it is for adults.	1	0
I brought my nephews son and neices for March break and received the worst service.	2	0
Ive never seen such Terrible service over 15min.	2	0
If you're looking to get your monies worth and service where you are treated well.	2	0
Finally got help and was told to email  specific individuals, after 1-2 lazy response meaning, they barely answered the question and had no motivation to help much less even follow up, forget customer service going above and beyond.	2	0
This place has the absolute worst customer service that I have ever come across! I cannot stress it enough.	2	0
I told him I would spread the word of the horrible customer service and he said go ahead.	2	0
I visited as a free trial and got hounded by Bianca to join for overpriced lessons on dances I'd never do in the real club environment..	1	0
That guy has no business being in customer service.	2	0
 Usually buy discounted admission as full price is too expensive.	1	0
After expressing my concerns about the the permanent use of porter potty's for clients, I  was told that able body children could use the porter potty and kids who couldn't used disposable underpants (diapers) my son dosnt have the physical capability to hold his self above a porter potty, they offered him use of a toddler potty chair (he's 6)  when I stated he's to big to use a toddlers training toilet, they used there right to refuse services.	2	0
The Castle shannon store has the worst customer service.	2	0
 Customer service is horrible, unprofessional and not worth dealing with.	2	0
 It amazes me how poor front desk services are at this place.	2	0
Not only is the customer service awful but the business is also corrupt.	2	0
It's also extremely over priced for such a small space and lack of equipment it's like somewhere between $20-25 every two weeks.	1	0
We had a very bad customer service experience.	2	0
But the customer service I experienced from one of the instructors (Melissa T.) was absolutely awful.	2	0
This is customer service at its worst!	2	0
We notice the level of service and we wouldn't ask something we don't ourselves provide to our clients.	2	0
The customer service is deplorable.	2	0
All bikes are over priced by 49 to 55 dollars(shipping).	1	0
Horrible service if you call it that.	2	0
Food is frozen food and service was bad!	2	0
Customer service is NOT a priority at this facility.	2	0
 If you are looking for a gym where equipment isn't being repaired, attitude from staff and customer service are not a priority, this could be for you.	2	0
This First Review of RBinc SportsJamis Bicycle concerns their lack of customer service and understanding how unhelpful they are.	2	0
In the meanwhile, this accountant needs to be taught that a culture of customer service is required no matter your official duties.	2	0
The employees are young and just there for the money, no customer service, sometimes not at the desk when you approach.	2	0
Terrible service had to come back multiple times to get my ball drilled and redrilled.	2	0
Service was extremely slow.	2	0
I suggested after the hour+ wait and lack of service the least she could do was provide a discount.	2	0
2 thumbs down for food and service.	2	0
It's not worth the price and there are better places to take your child.	1	0
This on top of gross pizza and over priced games, I'll drive to Fairlawn to go to Chuck E Cheese, and we all know how that places is!	1	0
Horrible customer service!	2	0
Only a single vendor was present serving nachos, pretzels and overpriced cans of beer (and all of the pretzels caught fire while I was standing there!).	1	0
Unbelievably dishonest marketing and major price gouging.	1	0
 Free money, no service.	2	0
 We walked around the store amazed at the overpriced bikes and we were shocked at the minimal selection within our price range.	1	0
 The ice is bad, the price outrageous.	1	0
A store where you feel VERY un-welcomed!!! VERY poor customer service and they don't carry real quality bikes either.	2	0
I looked around the store to find something to meet the threshold but a lot of their dry stuff were overpriced and seemed like it was on the shelves for quite a long time.	1	0
 Their customer service is the WORST!!!	2	0
I looked around the store to find something to meet the threshold but a lot of their dry stuff were overpriced and seemed like it was on the shelves for quite a long time.	1	0
Just a mess, loud and not good customer service.	2	0
 Terrible customer service - stay well away.	2	0
The place is small and over priced.	1	0
bad service ! bartender to busy playing with tv remote made us wait over 10 minutes for drink\/ bar was like a ghost town with only a few single guys not gambling .	2	0
second time here bad service both times ! if you want great service go to( big dogs, bacon bar, great links, village pub) they have fantastic service	2	0
I purchased a laser hair removal Groupon package but, because of terrible service and worse customer service, I got a refund .	2	0
Customer service is what makes a company, too bad that was lacking.	2	0
Horrible service, no follow up from management, no apology.	2	0
Rude and judgemental service	2	0
I was upset and did not want to pay for this terrible service but they insisted we payed full price.	2	0
Poor customer service.	2	0
Worst customer service I've had golfing in the valley.	2	0
The service is garbage and it's almost as if they don't want you to cancel with their gym....	2	0
So again, I feel like the company just truly doesn't care about their customer service.	2	0
You provided NONE of those services for our $275!	2	0
Service is not friendly at all either.	2	0
The worst service I've ever experienced by far came to play a 2 some with a friend.	2	0
Just what you want when you are going out for an overpriced meal.	1	0
They work for free (but probably, owner is compensating them special way - I don't know the details), so, don't expect great service.	2	0
They refused to even give me a 5$ discount and forced me to pay over 75$ for the worst nail service ever before they would let me out of the store.	2	0
The service the managers provide is just disappointing (which is why I stopped working there).	2	0
Unethical company, overpriced.	1	0
Silverleaf is the most overpriced ostentatious golf club in the Southwest.	1	0
There is no customer service at this gym, and your membership is all about them, not about what they can offer you and your guests.	2	0
I was so irritated for your customer service from your location that no one is interested to have my businesses.	2	0
Membership are overpriced then they put on a sale leaving current members with a ripped off feeling and a membership that value just decreased 30-50% BEWARE.	1	0
 The customer service on the other hand was horrific.	2	0
The worst customer service I have ever experienced	2	0
You pay roughly about a grand or more depending on what league you pick, and you get absolutely zero customer service.	2	0
It's a shame because it has potential as the only gun shop in Fort Mill but their terrible service keeps them from being the kind of place one would want to shop.	2	0
Customer service or professionalism is clearly not a portion of their training packet.	2	0
Their service is absolutely horrible!! We waited an hour and a half for a salad and chips with cheese sauce.	2	0
The corals are a bit overprice as well.	1	0
The level of customer service they provide is scarily inept! Used to go to the Goodlife on 10 Dundas east in Toronto.	2	0
I would not recommend a training program with this location, due to customer service.	2	0
The employees need some serious customer service training.	2	0
Way overpriced first of all, the enrollment fee is $200 dollars so don't listen to the billboard you see for 9.95.	1	0
The sports they run are a  joke as well, over priced the coaches they have do not know anything regarding rules.	1	0
Not only was this a ridiculous price for what it was but just an incredible lack of etiquette for people who pay to play at this track.	1	0
Limited inventory on accessories, and overpriced service.	1	0
There are lots of indifferent staff who are interested in charging you extra for overpriced snacks that you can't bring in yourself.	1	0
This place is OVERPRICED!	1	0
Rude staff over priced food was a total fail for a venue	1	0
Green fees are way over priced!	1	0
The snack bar is pathetic & over priced, they offer nothing of nutritional value.	1	0
over priced, many other better facility are cheaper and after sale service real bad.	1	0
This place is disgusting and overpriced.	1	0
Due to the EXPENSIVE prices, no parking, horrible access and rude, impatient service I will not be coming there again!	1	0
Overpriced for a typical city course that also offers memberships so a few residents can feel exclusive.	1	0
And VERY over priced compared to similar Italian restaurants with much better food.	1	0
Extremely high prices for extremely low quality.	1	0
The golf course is overpriced for the condition of the course.	1	0
My point was that at the price we paid to play this course it was not worth it, on any day at anytime.	1	0
Very overpriced and under managed.	1	0
Always an awful wait time and high prices.	1	0
So be cautious, as they are way overpriced.	1	0
Ridiculously over priced and not family friendly.	1	0
Plus their prices are way too high.	1	0
And the price of the admission is robbery.	1	0
The prices are 50% more expensive than other studios in the area, the space is \"intimate\" (meaning tiny).	1	0
 It went from a great practice facility and a great value to being ridiculously overpriced.	1	0
Very over-priced, also unprofessional staff.	1	0
 Sounds like 30 minute day care with overly priced equipment you can only purchase from them.	1	0
For the price you pay it was not worth it.	1	0
It is way over priced for the food.	1	0
 This company was over-priced, slow, unresponsive, and had abysmal customer service.	1	0
The place felt a bit like a cult and the prices were not cheap.	1	0
Takes forever to ship and they are over priced!	1	0
The prices are way too expensive ($7.49 for 12 wings! $8.99 for quesadilla!) PASS	1	0
Over priced for a poor course.	1	0
 Way over priced and was not scary.	1	0
No hotdogs, overpriced facilities.	1	0
They were over priced , asking for $1500 to begin and eventually we settled on $900, which I've heard is still more then typical.	1	0
It's also very over priced for what you get out of the membership and not to mention it's over crowded all the time.	1	0
 There's no decent places to eat unless you love typical mediocre overpriced sports bar food and sitting next to fat old pervs while they harass the female bartenders or want to drive 20 miles to Tempe or Scottsdale and return in financial debt.	1	0
With the new fees and another increase to come it is priced way too high for what you get.	1	0
I will probably spend it on an overpriced product - for products go to eaton center location which has a BOGO deal.	1	0
It looks like a fun place, but over-priced and the music did not sound.	1	0
It's expensive but we are interested on the swimming lesson.	1	0
This place is CRAZY expensive to ride the train.	1	0
Very expensive and disappointing.	1	0
As we paid full price - $135 for 3 people - this was a very expensive and disappointing outing.	1	0
Way too expensive for the slow pace of play.	1	0
Laser tag arena is good, however extremely expensive and over priced.	1	0
It was expensive and a complete waste of money.	1	0
This place is expensive and raggedy.	1	0
Way too expensive and too many repeated light displays.	1	0
This place is extremely expensive.	1	0
 This wound up being the most expensive and longest nail appointment of my life!	1	0
Way too expensive for how cheaply it was put together.	1	0
Do not go there, too expensive, poor customer service, and next to impossible to cancel membership! AVIOD!	1	0
This hobby is a very meticulous, time consuming, and an expensive one.	1	0
It's expensive at $8 a session and it's extremely small.	1	0
I think this is pretty expensive, but your frame of reference may be different.	1	0
The glass beading, one of the most expensive treatments you can put in a pool, does not hold up.	1	0
It was an expensive lesson.	1	0
 They are an expensive gym but the dedication to gymnasts just isn't there any more.	1	0
The fees are more expensive than they should be and the decor is good, yet the price of admission leaves the club lacking.	1	0
Overall the memberships are expensive and with 1 or 2 year commitment.	1	0
I'm stunned at how bad and expensive this place was, even on a discount.	1	0
It was expensive, even when they said they'd lower it for me.	1	0
 It was already too expensive, and they'd rather we didn't show up.	1	0
Once joined, they make it very expensive to leave.	1	0
The change room smells really damp and it is pretty expensive - they have a 3 month \"special\" for 189 plus tax = about $67\/month.	1	0
Their basic membership is very expensive  and their rates are rumoured to increase in the summer.	1	0
Every piece.of jewelry they sell is super overpriced.	1	0
Everything in the store is overpriced, and often used items are tagged with higher prices than you can just buy new.	1	0
 An over priced bad fit, I actually can handle.	1	0
 These include a nice raised table top, 4 seats and waiter service...	2	1
 This was my 2nd time using this service and I highly recommend it!	2	1
I highly recommend his services!	2	1
Very fair price, wonderful to talk to, incredibly knowledgeable, and painstakingly meticulous work.	1	1
Plus, she charged me a very fair price (I actually went in expecting more).	1	1
My friends and I are always looking for an excuse to take a trip to Vegas, but after the amazing services we have received from Kam and everyone at Sienna, we no longer need an excuse.	2	1
I have to say the customer service from Kam was outstanding!	2	1
We were seated right away, service was friendly and attentive.	2	1
I had to pay more money but the service was good.	2	1
It's a pretty reasonably priced night of entertainment that everyone should see at least once.	1	1
I was able to score a couple seats directly behind home plate at a very affordable price.	1	1
Great neighborhood bar, great drinks, service.	2	1
I highly recommend Kam for VIP hosting service.	2	1
Great service, food and price.	2	1
Worked with this entertainment company many times with out of town clients, they are professional, reasonable priced and go the extra mile to make sure my high-end clients are taken care of.	1	1
 Kam, has been nothing but amazing and provides us with the best service and deals!	2	1
I am always amazed by his courteous and prompt service.	2	1
 Best price that we could find and also has a referral discount.	1	1
Thanks for the amazing food and service 	2	1
The admission price is also reasonable at about $8 per child (no charge for children under 12 months).	1	1
If you're looking for the best service & results, look no further than	2	1
Combine that with top-notch service and responsiveness and you're with a winner.	2	1
 I assumed that tuning it would've been a tall order, but Saint did a wonderful job, in a relatively short amount of time and for a very reasonable price.	1	1
I highly recommend Saint's services if you're in need of a piano tuning.	2	1
Incredibly personal and touching music for your wedding day ceremony, at a very reasonable price!	1	1
This is a good spot and there are lots of rooms to choose from and the prices are good.	1	1
 It was well priced and very entertaining!	1	1
Reasonably priced unique jewelry and lots of other eclectic gifts.	1	1
 I absolutely loved the star treatment and service he gave.	2	1
The staff is super friendly and helpful and the prices are reasonable.	1	1
love the the service as well.The gallery is certainly not like the others ...	2	1
Would DEFINITELY use and highly recommend their services again!	2	1
We are happy to recommend Arizona Art Restoration for a phenomenal repair job and excellent service!	2	1
 And we're able to keep our eyes open for \"scratch and dent\" original art that can be restored for a great price!	1	1
We were recommended Sergio's services by a friend.	2	1
The prices are actually incredible.	1	1
Lessons are very reasonably priced and group classes(excellent) are included in the price of private lessons.	1	1
The price cannot be beat either.	1	1
 It may be slightly expensive compared to other salons, but the service, quality, and overall experience are well worth the price.	2	1
 The service is really great.	2	1
Overall I was so happy with the service I got from Sienna Entertainment and would use them again in a heartbeat.	2	1
I really like this store's customer service.	2	1
Great work, very reasonable prices, highly recommend.	1	1
 Prices are very competitive compared to other dance studios.	1	1
The tables were awesome, the service was awesome.	2	1
Cheap ticket prices are pretty nice too.	1	1
Great VIP service!	2	1
Sienna Entertainment is hands down the best VIP service in Vegas, LA and OC!	2	1
The easiest and most efficient service to use and every single host has been so kind and courteous to everyone I've sent over to Sienna.	2	1
Usually with this type of service there are so many promoters\/VIP services that lag on responses but Sienna is on top of their game!	2	1
I would HIGHLY recommend Sienna Entertainment to anyone who is looking for the BEST VIP service in all of Vegas, LA and OC.	2	1
There really isn't another VIP service like Sienna Entertainment and I will always use their services moving forward.	2	1
Amazing service, incredibly skilled.	2	1
Really lovely wines, stellar cheese plate and amazingly friendly service!	2	1
I've used this service twice and both were fun and very worth it.	2	1
 The table service was SUPER small and in a really random area and I was told that I would get a table OUTSIDE when I reserved for the evening, but again, a really affordable price I got.	1	1
The price is very reasonable.	1	1
As if all of that isn't good enough, his services are very affordable for the value he provides.	2	1
 We had 8 girls and 3 guys, Girls got free entry and he even gave the guys a really reasonable price for VIP entry.	1	1
I have worked with Sienna Entertainment years ago for a bachelorette party and service was great.	2	1
Absolutely worth the price of admission.	1	1
We got our hotel and VIP services all from Kam.	2	1
 I found her price to be fair and reasonable.	1	1
 Even prior to the festival itself, there has been an auction with a variety of great items going for good prices; the proceeds went to Local First Arizona.	1	1
It's literally as good as it looks if not better, and the food is decent but price was it's really good.	1	1
Andrew is a great guy and all services were knocked out in a timely fashion with great customer services.	2	1
I texted Kam and his host at Hakkasan had replied with a great price for bottle service.	1	1
My other buddies had contacts as well, but neither of them were as responsive nor offered a great price as Kam.	1	1
When you need a reliable service to help plan the entire weekend, check out Sienna Entertainment.	2	1
Great service end to end.	2	1
Reasonably priced, super friendly staff, and cute little venue that anyone should check out.	1	1
I Will definitely use his services in the future.	2	1
 Kam provided top notch service from the planning stages of the party to checking on us frequently while we were in Vegas to helping secure last minute reservations.	2	1
I have used other VIP service companies previously but this time, my experience was different and I made new friends in the US.	2	1
Super friendly service.	2	1
We hit up Act, Liquid, and Marquee with no wait and fast entry at a super reasonable price.	1	1
 Service was excellent and the ambiance is artsy and cozy.	2	1
 It was a good price, and the theatre was full for most performances.	1	1
Their gift shop has stuff I'd actually want to buy, and at a fair price!	1	1
 Nice touch and everything thing was reasonably priced.	1	1
 Reasonably priced, I can see many people getting sucked in and enjoying every moment.	1	1
 His customer service is FANTASTIC!	2	1
 Not only does he do  a great piano tuning, but he's very professional and his prices are reasonable.	1	1
Excellent service, tremendous end product, and fantastic people.	2	1
We had an incredible, reasonably priced Meritage wine, delicious salmon with rice, roasted tomatoes and arugula, and homemade sorbet.	1	1
we pre paid for all of the events prior to arrival and we have never been let down with the professional service we have recieved from them.	2	1
We were nicely greeted by our host at XS, entered quickly, and had great service from the staff.	2	1
Best service EVER.	2	1
It's fairly reasonably priced for entry at around $10.	1	1
Great service, great games, great experience!	2	1
Thank you, Vic tor for your great hospitality and service!	2	1
 I've also enjoyed the service in the golf shop and tips from their pro.	2	1
The service I got was great, everyone was extra nice and open to chat.	2	1
Price was very reasonable for a hour.	1	1
 And their Customer Service is second to none.	2	1
Finally, the service is top notch.	2	1
It's priced well and the food was absolutely delicious.	1	1
 Her friendly personality and exceptional service is out of this world!	2	1
The gift shop is very nice, and prices very reasonable for a museum store.	1	1
Prices are pretty reasonable as well.	1	1
Then Alan took over and the great service continued.	2	1
Awesome store with great prices on crystals, jewelry and books!	1	1
Excellent customer service.	2	1
Prices were reasonable all around!	1	1
Super attentive and friendly service.	2	1
These guys are honest and have superior customer service.	2	1
 Great service and really interesting shop.	2	1
The service is great and the drinks are never more than $5.	2	1
I went to I AM Mechanics for the first time last week and I was very pleased with the service I received.	2	1
I feel like the prices are very reasonable and the more you go, the better the deals are which is perfect for when you inevitably fall in love with the dance and decide to practically live there ;)	1	1
Great customer service and there is always a friendly face.	2	1
Friendly service, good prices, and I'll definitely use them again for my next auto service needs.	2	1
  The price is actually very reasonable and some of the staff member is very knowledgeable and helpful.	1	1
I'll definitely being frequenting this place as often as my stomach allows for the great ice cream and amazing costumer service!	2	1
Great service, they do a good job of explaining things to you and not overselling.	2	1
The prices were reasonable and the venue was small which we liked.	1	1
Autstanding detail service on secondary check of a preowned vehicle.	2	1
Went for a late night Jack & Coke with friend and it was great, atmosphere was fantastic and the service was kind and willing to interact.	2	1
The labor to redo it the way I wanted it was complimentary as a part of their excellent customer service.	2	1
The price given to me was the best in the market.	1	1
 The bar is gorgeous and service was excellent with $5 Steamwhistle hitting the spot.	2	1
 The prices are pretty good and are about what you'd pay for a yoga\/pilates\/kickboxing class anywhere else in town.	1	1
The food, service, and music were all superb.	2	1
The service was quick and the servers pleasant.	2	1
I've only had lunch here but the service is great and if you're worried about a mass of students (or getting a specific table), planning lunch after 12:30 never fails.	2	1
I've only had great service at the Gate and it really helps that the servers are attentive regardless of customer gender, something I don't always experience in Calgary.	2	1
The location, the service, the music, the food and the general atmosphere of The Gateway make it a fantastic place, whether you're a student or not.	2	1
Competitive prices and high quality selection.	1	1
 Prices are lower than the larger theaters.	1	1
 Their prices are reasonable and they have a great selection of cards.	1	1
The prices are great and the final product is spectacular!	1	1
If you want a great quality tattoo at awesome prices, this is where to go!	1	1
Great wine choices,reasonable prices,cool casual vibe.	1	1
 Food amazing, fair prices especially in the Desert !	1	1
If you win the games you can win prices such as a cup, free painting pass, etc.	1	1
Did a great job and price was right .	1	1
  Also prices are great!	1	1
They perform professional level concerts around the valley at an affordable price.	1	1
The price is right and the people are perfect.	1	1
The vintage decor and furniture for sale was really well curated, and the prices were totally reasonable.	1	1
At the intermission you could browse a nearby gallery space, peek in a little next door shop and enjoy very reasonably priced snacks and drinks from the theater bar.	1	1
The price has always been MORE than fair, and every discount coupon I've brought in has been honored exactly as it should have been.	1	1
 A beautiful frame and a beautiful price.	1	1
The price was cheap.	1	1
They do and reasonably priced.	1	1
Prices are decent and there is snacks for purchase.	1	1
They do serve alcohol and snacks and the prices are very reasonable.	1	1
They make it easy to buy more tasting tickets and have water bottles available for a reasonable price.	1	1
 Very efficient, easy to work with and reasonably priced.	1	1
 And if you buy the concession stand food the prices are still good compared to a theater.	1	1
  Very reasonable price for food and drinks.	1	1
Plenty of framing options, amazing prices, delivers your piece to you if needed, and Chamber Framer accepts credit cards and cash!	1	1
It is worth paying full price and gets a seat that you have no customers in front of you that will block your view to the stage.	1	1
Great prices on Sunday all day for all screens.	1	1
Ticket prices are very affordable at $15 and under.	1	1
Prices are good and nice pieces to look at.	1	1
Snacks and good are also reasonably priced with a great selection there are also playgrounds for kids to play at if they get bord.	1	1
Great tasting wines for great prices.	1	1
Prices were fair, especially given the great quality of the work.	1	1
 Prices are reasonable and my DVD's were delivered in about a week.	1	1
There a good priced location as well.	1	1
Overall I would totally do this again and say give it a try to anyone that wants to party a lot for a great price!	1	1
 The staff is very friendly, the movies are great, and the prices are very good.	1	1
Love so many of their pieces great prices also and good customer service.	1	1
They have snacks, drinks and play time for a really cheap price.	1	1
 Their prices are great and selection of glass are top of the line.	1	1
Prices are also very reasonable.	1	1
It is such a good price for your kid to play for an hour and have fun	1	1
I got a great guitar at a great price with great service.	1	1
The tickets were reasonably priced, there's plenty of free parking and the theater is comfy with spacious seating.	1	1
 Excellent food, cheap prices, great variety, and a reminder of what makes the valley a great place to live.	1	1
Bring the family and cool off a bit prior to a movie, don't forget that Texas Station sponsors movies for kids at amazing prices.	1	1
I will refer him to all my friends or anyone looking for a excellent framer at great prices.	1	1
The seats were awesome and the price was very reasonable.	1	1
The price was to good to be true for tickets in the front row, but they worked and we had a great time.	1	1
 And the prices have a considerable range.	1	1
  The price was more than reasonable and the finished product looks like something that would cost twice as much elsewhere.	1	1
Great price done in a timely manner!	1	1
So far, an Awesome Customer Service Experience!	2	1
 The services offered are fantastic (I highly recommend a Reiki session with Brenda!	2	1
Their customer service is phenomenal!	2	1
The best service, very peaceful ambient and professional kindness.	2	1
They have beautiful, unique furniture and excellent customer service.	2	1
I purchased a breakfast table from this store back in early autumn Andrea was amazing with customer service.	2	1
The service continues to be stellar!	2	1
 Super customer service & he really knows the merchandise & always makes us feel welcome.	2	1
 Good dealers, good atmosphere, good drink service.	2	1
The service was fast and friendly.	2	1
 The service was quick as well, we were set up with our table top area in no time and our waitress kept coming over to ensure we had everything we needed.	2	1
Incredible service and amazing staff!	2	1
Daestinnes provided great service and was very thorough.	2	1
 Great prices, great service, great music.	2	1
The bar service was amazing!	2	1
The customer service is great.	2	1
The most amazing service this organization gives to the community is they house controversial writers from other countries here in Pittsburgh.	2	1
 We have purchased a number of items from them and have had nothing but great service and have always been happy with the quality of our pieces.	2	1
Thanks for you let service to this country service people !	2	1
I was shown amazing customer service and they actually earned my business.	2	1
I love this neighborhood bar great atmosphere and great service!	2	1
 The absolute worst service!	2	0
You could never pay me to use this service again.	2	0
Extremely BAD customer service and horrible communications!	2	0
 Waste of money and insulting.	1	0
they will steal your money...	1	0
 Skip it and save your money.	1	0
Save your money and sit home listening to CDS and flash a cheap flashlight on your ceiling.	1	0
Hopefully this eventually catches up to them and they start losing money and failing to fill venues.	1	0
It is a waste of money.	1	0
That was okay with me, I knew this was an expensive entertainment.	1	0
I can't spend that kind of money.	1	0
 The items are extremely overpriced and then to top it off the nasty attitude of the workers...it just doesn't get much worse.	1	0
 Overpriced and they make u wear socks for hygiene reasons !	1	0
Customer service goes a long way.	2	0
The trickle down effect of bad service is enormous.	2	0
Horrible customer service, the owner and both her mother and father are bossy and rude.	2	0
I've golfed almost every course in Arizona (and about 50 or so out of state) and this was the  worst customer service I've experienced--and it's not even close.	2	0
Customer service does not get much worse than it is at this place.	2	0
 There is NO assigned seats so if you go to this venue don't pay the high prices for close up seating that they try to sell you online.	1	0
The prices are decent BUT the customer service was HORRIBLE.	2	0
The prices are decent BUT the customer service was HORRIBLE.	1	0
At that point my BF was ready to go to the owner was being rude and she showed horrible customer service.	2	0
This place was an good idea but it is ruined by the owner having horrible customer service skills and horrible business practices.	2	0
 Incredibly rude service at the pool bar.	2	0
Not to mention it's so expensive, the pottery pieces are priced really high and you also have to pay a sitting fee.	1	0
This store is full of high end stuff that is way over priced, the storefront is totally pointless because the instrument dealers sells most of his stuff on Ebay.	1	0
 The pottery is extremely over-priced and they will sneak in an aditional sitting fee for the adult who helps a child paint even a small section of their piece.	1	0
Poor customer service, poor customer communication, their phone is either busy all the time or set to voice-mail as I've tried on several other occasions to contact them via phone but it keeps going to voice mail (yes, during business hours).	2	0
 I was disappointed with the service.	2	0
Very poor service, and I would not recommend sending anything that you are planning to give as a gift their way.	2	0
The customer service was terrible.	2	0
Price was too high for such a small simple tattoo	1	0
 As we checked out we were curious if they offered a military discount for our two members in the Air Force and my brother was curious if they offered a student discount as he is enrolled at the university because our bill was so high.	1	0
No Customer Service Skills he made us feel like we were bothering him when your at the sports book you should want to help people.	2	0
 Too many other options in this town to throw money away to be receiving TERRIBLE service by old women....	2	0
I understand this but the way it was handled was very poor customer service, I do not want to enroll with this company.	2	0
The complete lack of customer service is ridiculous.	2	0
I've never had issues at any other place and their customer service is the worst I've ever seen.	2	0
The prices are high $8 for a matinee move!	1	0
They don't care about the customers and this place is expensive.	1	0
The ridiculously over priced popcorn was stale.	1	0
The service was horrible as well.	2	0
 The employees have the worst customer service skills ever.	2	0
I was disappointed at their rental services.	2	0
Thank you Jimmy for your horrible customer service.	2	0
very expensive just to walk on a couple ships and the sails were never let down while docked to get good pics.	1	0
  And then the usual way overpriced fair food..	1	0
 the worst i have ever seen and customer service is a total joke.	2	0
Service is awful, customer service is awful, staff is awful.	2	0
Definitely needs major work on customer service and cleanliness!	2	0
The leagues are unorganized, inconsistent, and the customer service is lacking!	2	0
One night I had the opportunity to speak with the league owner in person at the fields and he had zero customer service skills.	2	0
 Fray's poor customer service is blatantly obvious.	2	0
 There are food stands everywhere selling extremely expensive morsels because they know that you already spent $10 to get in and why would you get food outside of the event.	1	0
 The tickets were a gift from family and It extremely upset that they paid a high price for them to see this very outdated and low energy show.	1	0
 Absolutely the worst service I have received in a very long while.	2	0
The reviews were not awesome but they also were all based on experiences actually visiting the restaurant (slow service, that sort of thing).	2	0
Bottom line, the worst customer service and as a comment to the people in charge of marketing this restaurant....make sure your flyers are actually delivered to the area you intend on delivering to.	2	0
Very poor customer service.	2	0
Where do I start? Well me and 3 other friends all left this gym after a month or two because the gym was overpriced for what it provided, it was also mildly creepy and every time I walked in there I felt like I was walking onto a B horror film set.	1	0
The worst customer service of any gym I've ever been to.	2	0
Most importantly, the ice cream was bland and overpriced.	1	0
I've seen many loyal paying members leave this gym over the years because of him and his lack of basic customer service.	2	0
Bad bad service like omg.	2	0
It looks like they went and bought fry's pumpkins and over priced them to make money.	1	0
 Every time we really start liking one location, they bring in new employees who either never learned about customer service or just don't care.	2	0
I haven't experienced customer service this bad in quite awhile.	2	0
But their handling of their mistake was the poorest customer service I have ever received.	2	0
 was denied freedom of speech & told to \"get over\" a employee (T) dispute that refused service.	2	0
Terrible customer service, and extremely rude reps.	2	0
Prices on their food menu are wrong and have been wrong for two months .Guess no one knows where the numbers are to correct them .	1	0
 The food service there is very piss poor bad.	2	0
 Wanted tickets for three days, but so expensive I only bought tickets for 1 day.	1	0
I guess they don't care about Costumer service.	2	0
They were floor tickets and hence were expensive as well.	1	0
I will never use this service again.	2	0
Been here a few times now, all three time ls the worst service ever!	2	0
Shady, liars and no customer service.	2	0
they had outrageous prices.	1	0
While I learned a very expensive lessons, in the future I will make absolutely certain never to use ticketetwork again!	1	0
Poor customer service.	2	0
Music was ok, but customer service was awful.	2	0
 This place has horrible service.	2	0
The service is horrible, the food is lackluster and the \"queens\" are just some old hags in drugstore makeup.	2	0
The service has gotten much worse now and the place is extremely dirty.	2	0
Over priced By the time I got my tickets and paid there \"fees\" I could have bought it at regular cost from the show and saved money	1	0
 I was disappointed in the venue and the service.	2	0
Food prices are increasing .	1	0
Expensive and tedious.	1	0
Expensive, prizes for tickets are pretty lame.	1	0
Prices are beyond ridiculous.	1	0
Misleading item descriptions, poor customer service, obnoxious owner.	2	0
The customer service is poor, residents have issues that are never fixed by management.	2	0
 Terrible terrible terrible customer service.	2	0
Bar prices are ridiculous.	1	0
Even at that, everything is insanely overpriced and not even close to true values.	1	0
 The service overall is horrible .	2	0
Ticketmaster has the worst customer service ever.	2	0
Everything was expensive.	1	0
Ticketmaster is the worst company and worst customer service on the planet.	2	0
The Santa they had will not even try very hard to get a decent photo of your kid if they r fussing a bit the photos are way overpriced.	1	0
First it's expensive to get in and you have to pay for parking.	1	0
I don't believe they ran out of overpriced drinks so that's a plus.	1	0
Santa looked awful and pictures are super overpriced.	1	0
Poor customer service, especially having a phone number posted where you can't get a hold of anyone.	2	0
Been here for 3 hours, the lights are boring, and it's too expensive.	1	0
Way overpriced for what you get.	1	0
I am in disbelief with the poor customer service I have been receiving with Camelback Consign and Design since I gave them many items over a year ago.	2	0
Overall the food is overpriced, the orders are frequently wrong, tonight I waited 90 minutes for a take out order and to top it off, the manager argued with me(never argue with the person that pays your salary)	1	0
There prices are really high and there payouts are terrible won't go back	1	0
Just a cash bar with an unhappy bartender and expensive beer.	1	0
Place is quite simple you can order a drink and play as long as you like but service is so bad.	2	0
 Like everywhere the concession prices are  ridiculously expensive but unlike most theaters their popcorn is unbelievably salty to the point of almost burning your lips, seriously horrible.	1	0
Overcharged for already overpriced tickets, poor snack selection, and horrible service all come together to ensure that you won't find me in this theatre ever again.	1	0
Their service needs to improve tremendously before I return.	2	0
It's dirty, poorly lit, super expensive to get in the gate and absolutely NOTHING is included in the price of admission.	1	0
Unfriendly, run by a handful of erudite golfers, expensive, and carrying large financial overhead from expansion.	1	0
- horrible service, not attentive, couldn't speak English, missed our orders\n- games were mostly in Chinese\n- crappiest bubble tea I've had in years.	2	0
 After purchasing our overpriced consessions, we got major attitude from the ticket taker because the girl at the ticket window tore our tickets when we bought them.	1	0
You should expect expensive food, drinks, and unhappy staff members.	1	0
Definitely were not impressed by the prices or service.	2	0
Rude customer service and the new MGM upgraded rooms not that great either.	2	0
Not worth the price, do not bother with any of the classes or parties.	1	0
  I just want to know what time they open in June, and can't ask.Extremely underwhelming and overpriced place to bowl.	1	0
 The price they charge for liquid is crazy.	1	0
They have the worst services not just that there is so much smoke inside and when I went in there was no one servicing me.	2	0
Snacks are overpriced but similar to other theatres.	1	0
 Enough of that, the finished product was horrid and expensive.	1	0
I did expect this to be more expensive than usual, but still wanted to give it a try.	1	0
Overpriced and underwhelming.	1	0
Over priced average at best food.	1	0
To make matters worse, when he was confronted about the terrible service we had received with his company he responded by calling me \"a child, kicking and screaming because you did not get your way.\"  	2	0
Boring, fake, overpriced, full of clueless people too busy taking pictures to realize there are other human beings around them.	1	0
The prices in the gift-shop were ridiculous.	1	0
Expensive & Extremely disappointing.	1	0
There was one vendor there that was ready for food service but they were way OVERPRICED.	1	0
I am a HUGE supporter of small business and locally owned businesses, but poor customer service and a lack of acknowledgement will not profit off of me or any of my friends.	2	0
This food festival is over hyped over priced and overrated!	1	0
 But not only is it expensive, the line up to just order a taco was 45 mins.	1	0
 Overpriced for a bland buffet with stale desserts in a crappy area of Vegas.	1	0
Yes the prices of drinks and smokes were cheap and there are gaming machines in there but they are crap games and the service is terrible.	2	0
Yes the prices of drinks and smokes were cheap and there are gaming machines in there but they are crap games and the service is terrible.	1	0
  I would have been so upset if I paid full price.	1	0
 The facility and room to dance is small, the instructor quality is mediocre and their customer service....sucks!	2	0
And, as for any theatre, the food is outrageously expensive and I only add this as a negative in this review because the overall experience was so gruesome.	1	0
This place was horrible and I had the worst service I've ever had anywhere.	2	0
One, I'm way beyond places like that and two, really crappy service by the wait staff.	2	0
 Obviously very poor customer service.	2	0
 Not worth the high prices they are charging.	1	0
 Sadly we wasted our money and time at this so called Festival.	1	0
We went there to play billiard on Tuesday night the girl at the bar was very rude and irresponsible with a very bad costumer service in other words something was off about her she treated costumers like shit she prob ly has a mental illness or something i was going to throw the billiard balls on her face but I didn't wanna ruin the night on a girl like this,	2	0
They know they have the market cornered for indoor soccer and 7v7 outdoor but they'll soon find people are switching to other places because of their terrible customer service and greed.	2	0
Poor training and managers have zero customer service skills.	2	0
 Most items there are very very overpriced.	1	0
The service is just as bad by the way.	2	0
Ummm...were you ever going to call to let me know this? Were you going to just let me show up for my 2:00 appointment? This business appears to be very unprofessional and lacking in basic professional services (ex-calling to confirm\/CANCEL appointments).	2	0
 Drinks are overpriced and the Negroni was awful.	1	0
 Awkward service and awkward atmosphere.	2	0
 TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE customer service let alone UNETHICAL.	2	0
I paid $120 thinking it was more expensive for great quality work, but basically I got robbed.	1	0
Horribly expensive and hidden fees - including a subscription to a lousy magazine (Rolling Stone) that I never would have accepted had it not been hidden in the fine print.	1	0
The service was practically nonexistent.	2	0
The pieces are pricey, which is expected (as I know from experience).	1	0
Worst customer service possible and with an abundance of attitude to go around.	2	0
Bad experience, terrible customer service.	2	0
The dancers were amazing....but the absolutely terrible customer service will definitely keep me from coming back.	2	0
 It was also very expensive for what you get...then, the tour finishes up with workers escorting you into the gift shop to upsell you photo packages and push the kids into buying all the little toys\/activities they just experienced during the expensive tour.	1	0
Overpriced and very rude management.	2	0
 The food was not good, and overpriced.	1	0
Will never use this service again!	2	0
It was very difficult to get service even when I was the only person in the casino I wanted a shot of scotch I could see behind the bar the bartender refused to sell it to me!	2	0
 Brutal customer service, the coordinators do not communicate at all with each other, and they lack the skills to respond in a timely and effective manner.	2	0
I texted Gina to let her know I was disappointed in my service.	2	0
This is the worst seat-filling service I have ever joined.	2	0
Overpriced for a simple plastic cup, and I thought it was strange that it came to exactly $7 and no change, but I handed over $7 cash.	1	0
Worst lawn service I have used yet.	2	0
 HORRIBLE customer service and harassment!	2	0
 Not only have they gone against their word, they ignored my child and her injury at their studio, and somehow still feel compelled to keep $100 of our hard-earned money in return for no service.	2	0
Service was awful they were all rude.	2	0
VERY BAD CUSTOMER SERVICE, we were not treated as customers in the way they talked to us and instructed us.	2	0
I am very offended by the customer service here, and I'm not sure why she chose to speak to me in this way.	2	0
Absolutely horrible service.	2	0
Same bartender aka more like a terrible customer service rep, proceeded to talk trash to her coworkers that she didn't get tipped like she deserved it.	2	0
All in all the experience was not good - from the establishment to the customer service.	2	0
 It is expensive and not at all worth the money.	1	0
They pocketed a massive amount of money without providing the services that were promised or even coming close to what was advertised.	2	0
But this is a review on the extremely rude customer service and interaction we just had with one of the employees.	2	0
Literally the worst service I have ever seen or experienced at a tattoo shop, and I have several tattoos and piercings.	2	0
It was expensive and really not that impressive.	1	0
 So I returned to the shop, mortified that the VERY EXPENSIVE piece of jewelry I had given to my Grandmother as a birthday gift had already broken.	1	0
 This was supposed to be something beautiful for my very elderly Grandmother who is so dear, and all it's been is a HUGE and VERY EXPENSIVE disaster.	1	0
Unorganized and expensive...	1	0
Why not a bracelet for $5-$10 for the kids? Really wish I had known how overcrowded and expensive it was going to be...	1	0
First it's the most expensive place in Ohio 5.+ to $6.49 per game is a bit expensive considered that evey bowling alley within a 100 mile radius is around 3.50 or less.	1	0
Horrible acting, way too expensive, repetitive houses.	1	0
In regards to the recitals, tickets are expensive and the dates this year are in the middle of summer because the competition team is going to Europe beforehand.	1	0
The rides are atrociously expensive.	1	0
 Night before Halloween and most expensive place in all of Arizona(not joking).	1	0
 The service fees are ridiculously expensive and customer service is impossible.	1	0
 Their charges and fees are expensive but the catch is:	1	0
I'm surprised that invites left as I saw some very expensive fur coats in there.	1	0
He is extremely expensive - $200.	1	0
and when I lose money by taking a day off..	1	0
Then you don't get any photo to look at-so what your talking about here are very expensive blind dates--and of course to add insult to injury there is no refund policy-unless you cancel within 24 hrs of joining which is ridiculous because you won't get a match in the first 24 hrs!	1	0
  Marviin provides quality service with Wisconsin friendly charm.	2	1
Shadyside Details prices are very reasonable especially since they have top of the line equipment like carpet extractors.	1	1
Excellent customer service and very prompt picking me up!	2	1
 Coming from working with Sean for so many years, I was very impressed at the level of communication and high customer service I received from Joe and the family.	2	1
 We were very pleasantly surprised with the care and service that we received at Express Auto Spot.	2	1
After all was said and done, it was a very fair price for a car and he made sure we were completely happy before we left there.	1	1
They were quick, nice, and do a good job for a fair price.	1	1
They came and had open communication the entire time, updating us on what was happening and their prices are awesome!	1	1
 Excellent customer service.	2	1
 You get honest, hard work from these guys who are fair and have great prices.	1	1
 Great service and complementary repair.	2	1
Plus their prices are reasonable.	1	1
Excellent service, competitive prices - very knowledgeable.	2	1
All in all this place does it all and is truly your one stop printing shop that is very reasonably priced.	1	1
Their prices are reasonable and the folks are friendly.	1	1
I drop it off and they take me to work then they pick me up when its ready.	2	1
Service was great and quick.	2	1
 They are fairly priced, professional in their work, did everything  they agreed to do, and did everything on schedule.	1	1
 That is amazing service.	2	1
Awesome prices and quick to the point no BS financing.	1	1
Their prices are better than every other Mazda dealership in the city.	1	1
 The service here is great! The people are honest and friendly.	2	1
 Great service, knowledgeable parts help, even  though I didn't buy my GSXR here, they treat me like I did.	2	1
He deserves a raise! Excellent service and our family cannot thank you enough for everything!	2	1
 From routine maintainence to identifying a problem they have only shown me the best service.	2	1
EXCELLENT work, communication and fair price.	1	1
They do great work at a fair price and deliver as promised.	1	1
Paul was very helpful and discounted the services so I was able to afford both tires, rather than just one.	2	1
Prices are reasonable and had my car done by the next day.	1	1
Great guys that are fair with their rates and honest about what your car needs unlike other places who will upsell and flat out lie when they see a woman bringing her car in for service, they only fix what's broken, and I highly recommend them to anyone who needs an honest knowledgeable mechanic at a reasonable price.	1	1
Super impressed with the customer service, speediness and quality of our shirts.	2	1
I originally found this shop by requesting mechanic quotes via yelp (yea I didn't know u could do that either) Terry from Randy's Lube responded quickly to all of my messages and offered the best price.	1	1
Great Customer Service and timly matter to get us in and out as quick as Possible.	2	1
Awesome customer service! Long story short, I was waiting for my vehicle to arrive from another state and it took way longer than expected.	2	1
Very reasonable prices.	1	1
Fair price and great service.	2	1
 Friendly, expert service at reasonable rates.\nBye-bye BMW on Camelback Service Dept.	2	1
I'm very happy with the service and price I would recommend this place!	1	1
The prices are low & I would highly recommend this place!	1	1
If you want good repair work, honesty and a fair price, say it with me Yelpers--\"This is the ONLY place.\"	1	1
 Best prices and the reviews with 5 stars, can't argue with that!!!	1	1
Tony is an honest, reliable and reasonably priced mechanic.	1	1
Price was fine and I was left a happy customer with a truck running better than it has in a long time.	1	1
The staff is friendly, the service is fast, and the prices are affordable.	1	1
 Dan gave me a great price on my brakes and two new tires.	1	1
Great prices, huge selection.	1	1
Shop around...he's the most reasonably priced and honest guy I've found in the west valley.	1	1
Fast, friendly and an amazing price! Jordan did a great job!	1	1
Great prices & knowledge staff! I highly recommend this place to everyone.	1	1
The prices are reasonable too.	1	1
Thanks for the great service and great prices.\n\nI will definitely be back.	1	1
Price is Great and he's fast.	1	1
 Service and price was exceptional.	1	1
All done for a very reasonable price.	1	1
 The price & service were fantastic.	1	1
The price they gave me was reasonable.	1	1
I will only have them do the exhaust work from now on trustworthy and at a great price.	1	1
They seem to really take pride in what they do, have the customers best interest at heart, and are very reasonablly priced.	1	1
Plus their prices were way better than any other dealer in Madison.	1	1
Also reasonably priced.	1	1
 The overall communication is really good, price are fair and they added a smart showroom.	1	1
I bring it in, and always for a good price.	1	1
The price is reasonable and the mechanics know exactly what to do.	1	1
 The price is always lower than I imagine.\nLast time, the steering wheel was shaking, I thought there were a lot of problems.	1	1
 In all cases, I asked for just the best price they could offer, no haggling.	1	1
Best of all, best prices on any job.	1	1
 Price was right and gave me some honest advice.	1	1
The price was reasonable and my car was returned cleaned inside and out!!! I would recommend Dale's to anyone.	1	1
Their prices are so much better than the dealerships and my cars have always been fixed the first time.	1	1
  Very fair price and immediate service.	1	1
 He charges a fair price for work done.	1	1
This is a very professional operation and reasonable prices.	1	1
Highly recommended, I brought my boat here for engine repair and a tune up, the service was fast, friendly and reasonably priced.	1	1
The prices on parts and labor were very reasonable and the best part was the customer service.	1	1
 Fred did a nice job on my car and charged a fair price.	1	1
Great service, great price, great work.	1	1
Best prices and fast!	1	1
Very professional staff, fast service and reasonably priced.	1	1
Great, trustworthy place to get your car fixed at a very reasonable price.	1	1
Called around and they also had the best price for what I needed done.	1	1
they have a great selection of cars at great prices thank you Sunrise Auto Sales for helping me and my friend get in a vehicle.	1	1
 Not to mention the awesome price!	1	1
Reasonably priced mechanic I'd recommend.	1	1
One of the best prices in town and went above and beyond expectations for a repair.	1	1
Great service, communication and price.	1	1
His prices that he quoted were very reasonable.	1	1
Great trailers, Great prices, Great service.	1	1
They offer car services at a great price!	1	1
Its hard to find a mechanic you'll trust but I lucked out and had to let it be known the great service I got at an awesome price.	1	1
I received great service that was honest, fast, and at a good price.	1	1
Mike was honest about the process, and the price was fair.	1	1
Thank you for being so personable and having the best prices in town!!!	1	1
The repairs were done quickly and at a great price.	1	1
This place is fast, honest, reliable, and a great price! I would recommend everyone goes here; it's hard to find this in Las Vegas, I'm glad I did!	1	1
The prices are reasonable and Dale even fixed another door issue I had a month later that I wasn't sure was caused by the repair.	1	1
Fantastic!  Great service, friendly staff and exceptional prices.	1	1
Gives a reasonable price and charges to any services for my car.	1	1
Great customer service, great price, and next day service!	1	1
 Quality work at a fair price - hard to find these days.	1	1
 Hector had one tire in the size I needed and gave it to me for a good price.	1	1
Excellent customer service with reasonable prices in a prompt comfortable environment! What else could I ask for?	1	1
The staff are very friendly and I like that their prices are very reasonable.	1	1
He did it at a great price with great service.	1	1
 They are very knowledgeable at what they do and their prices are tough to beat.	1	1
Always at a great price.	1	1
Prices are always the lowest, I've recommendeded several people and they can all say the same!!	1	1
Thx for your friendly service and more than fair prices.	1	1
Good prices, great work! If you are looking for someone to make your ride perfect, Sean is your guy!!	1	1
Come look at these cars.Just got my brother the car he wants at a great price.	1	1
His prices are very reasonable and he's a professional.	1	1
When I received my quote I was surprised that Safelite was the best price, even when compared against all the local guys.	1	1
 They've always given me the best prices around, and the highest quality of service.	1	1
On top of that, he gave me an amazing price on tires!	1	1
His prices are always reasonable and he is extremely thorough at explaining what is going on with my wheels while providing great prevention advice as well.	1	1
Outstanding service and quality work at a great price.	1	1
The prices were fair and the work was prompt.	1	1
The order was filled very fast, food awesome and very reasonable prices.	1	1
 Service has always been top notch at a fair price especially if you don't want to bother raising your premiums for minor or self inflicted dings to your vehicle.	1	1
They tell you upfront how much it will be and they even shop around to get you the best price possible.	1	1
Nice selection of quality pre owned vehicles at reasonable prices.	1	1
Quick, convenient, fast reliable service!	2	1
Bast  of the bast finally recommend it good service and very good price  honest people	2	1
I have never experienced such awesome customer service.	2	1
I am very pleased with their services both times.	2	1
These guys here are Great customer service Tops Especially Rick if you have truck needs go here.	2	1
i have found my auto mechanic for all my vehicles friendly fast and affordable service 5 star and more.	2	1
Excellent customer service brought to you by Oscar .	2	1
Best prices, best customer service.	2	1
They were all great but Joey really did a great job fixing it for me excellent customer service!!	2	1
We spoke today and he offered me excellent services with prices.	2	1
Conveniently located, prompt and courteous service.	2	1
quick service and fair price for snow tires\/oil change.	2	1
Very fast and professional service.	2	1
It took me longer to wait for traffic for a U-turn than it took them to perform the service.	2	1
We've taken our cars there for a while now, and we always get great service.	2	1
 In the end, it's just a place to store your things, but the service and price was great! Great customer service!	2	1
Their service was fast and efficient.	2	1
The best customer service experience ever!	2	1
Excellent service and honest which is a first from an automotive shop in Vegas.	2	1
Great service, honest evaluation, and he is willing to tell you the truth.	2	1
I recommend them to any and everyone! They have EXCELLENT customer service	2	1
The service my family and I received was fantastic.	2	1
My daughter has used the shop as well and was very satisfied with their service.	2	1
Magnificent service, I recently bought brand new car for the first time , and to make sure that it will be in the best condition for a long time I turned to Smart Shield to protect paint on my vehicle , Jonathan explained in great detail my options and walked me through the whole process.	2	1
There was a little bit of a challenge with the truck I rented, David at this location jumped in and helped me get it taken care of with world-class customer service.	2	1
By far the best service I've ever experienced at an auto shop.	2	1
Great people and awesome service.	2	1
The finance manager Ryan provided me with exceptional customer service.	2	1
This is the best place to go for auto repair & amazing customer service.	2	1
Sweet! And here I am typing my review in the parking lot before I drive away because I am just that impressed with the wash and level of service.	2	1
Amazing customer service & they did a great job replacing my windshield!	2	1
They're knowledgeable, friendly and provide excellent service at a fair price, highly recommended!	2	1
Wright's customer service was great.	2	1
I highly recommend taking your car here, excellent and quick service!!	2	1
Very helpful, friendly, quick service and reasonably priced.	2	1
Great service at a great price.	2	1
Excellent Service!!!	2	1
But until then I Must say Buying a vehicle could NOT be any easier, and the service any Better.	2	1
 All around great service, great prices with an extremely knowledgeable and friendly staff!	2	1
I feel confident with the high quality of service I receive each time I have needed to bring her in.	2	1
Awesome Staff, awesome service from Nestor hands down his amazing and beyond helpful.	2	1
 Customer service rep was excellent, and handled the claim with my insurance company very efficiently.	2	1
The service itself was quick and done correctly- they even checked my tires and filled them up for me.	2	1
I recently purchased a 2016 bmw ! I am in love with my car best service provided by far.	2	1
 Both their fuel and service are top-notch.	2	1
Best car cleaning service and customer service!	2	1
These guys are great at customer service.	2	1
Went in today for my 2019 Nissan Sentra s and great service!	2	1
The service department was helpful and worked hard to make me happy.	2	1
 I have to say we experienced probably the best customer service I've had in a very long time.	2	1
amazing quality and customer service.	2	1
Excellent service.	2	1
Great service, prompt diagnosis and to top it all Owner Chris and GM Ryan are the best in my books.	2	1
 His service is priced fairly.	2	1
Best car buying experience of my life; Dan Wickman changed my views on car salesman	2	1
Best mechanic in town! Quick reliable service when you need.	2	1
Best service I have ever had at a repair shop.	2	1
 The service is very quick and the prices are the best.	2	1
Service department is awesome!	2	1
 Professional, honest and timely service appointment.	2	1
A big thanks to Harry Orlowski for changing my battery and walking me through on how to properly maintain it! Great service	2	1
Outstanding customer service.	2	1
Very professional and accurate service.	2	1
Thank you so much for the superior service!	2	1
Great Service!	2	1
 Great customer service mr.	2	1
What amazing service! And great pricing too because I walked out the door with a brand new battery and new warranty for $50.	2	1
Excellent service and staff.	2	1
No pressure sales excellent customer service and it helps that the prices are better than the competition down the street in everything from bikes to helmets.	2	1
 Excellent service, excellent  prices.	2	1
Wonderful customer service every time my husband and I come in they offer expert advice and helpful tips!	2	1
Very impressed with their level of service.	2	1
Friendly, professional and fast service.	2	1
Great service, great prices, and quality work on my diesel truck.	2	1
Best Customer service is what I get every time I come to this shop.	2	1
Thank GOD for Anthony's towing and their impeccable prices and prompt and excellent service!	2	1
 This was great service at a great price.	2	1
 Thanks Cameron for all of your professional help and service.	2	1
reasonably priced and also amazing customer service, I always will bring my vehicles here.	2	1
Excellent Service and Reasonable Prices!	2	1
  No transmission service, no brake service, no rotation, no cooling flush.	2	0
 Terrible customer service , overprice , only one mechanic at the shop , 3 weeks to fix my bike ; owner dale kieffer so rude I never come back again.	2	0
 Terrible customer service , overprice , only one mechanic at the shop , 3 weeks to fix my bike ; owner dale kieffer so rude I never come back again.	1	0
 Also no customer service skills.	2	0
 I refused their services and requested they take the AC belt off.	2	0
 Horrible place, horrible service.	2	0
 Horable service and bad dealings they seem to not have anything right going for them and really don't care about what they are doing bad place never again	2	0
 Horrible service, what a bunch of con artist.	2	0
 Not only do they have crappy customer service, but they do horrible work.	2	0
 Customer service is deplorable, the employees are not responsive to the disabled person's needs, they don't pay attention to detail so many times have ordered the wrong eqipment.	2	0
 Overall horrifically slow and bad customer service.	2	0
 Their customer service is terrible.	2	0
  Terrible customer service and they don't know how to treat their customers at all!	2	0
 The absolute worst customer service I have ever encountered.	2	0
 Lousy customer service.	2	0
  The service here is consistently terrible, beset with rude and ignorant staff who know very little (and care even less) about anything other than trying to upsell you at the register.	2	0
  Horrible experience from the service dept staff not all but all it takes is one.	2	0
 Horrible service, I turned in my vehicle on may 24 two of the supposed experts told me that my vehicle will be ready in 12 days not a major damage, they promised it will be ready on 06\/ 07 they even sent me several text saying we have 62% of the job done all the sudden they texted again that my vehicle will be ready on 06\/16 nine days more that they promised.	2	0
 Nissan service doing something wrong  again on morningside and milner	2	0
 This is bad customer service anthony	2	0
 I am very disappointed on nissan service	2	0
 Horrible Rude Service from Director of Sales.	2	0
 Manager rude, disinterested and had poor customer service.	2	0
 I had such a poor customer service experience when I called to inquire about getting my car serviced here, that I didn't even bother setting an appointment.	2	0
 Not that at this point I wasn't ready to take it somewhere else anyways, it's mind boggling how poor their customer service is.	2	0
 They're service is disrespectful it's so bad.	2	0
 This is a pathetic place with poor customer service, no public retrooms and a bad attitude.	2	0
 They talked me into changing the battery for a higher price compared to other places.	1	0
 I say again, stay away from Benchworks and their kits that are just a bunch of old parts thrown together at an extremely high price.	1	0
 Worst customer service ever.	2	0
  Poor automobile service and care.	2	0
Terrible experience with their service department.	2	0
 This kind of service is ridiculous to have to wait for so long to get the report done.	2	0
 Poor customer service from salesman.	2	0
 Absolutely horrible service.	2	0
 The customer service has no integrity.	2	0
 That's customer service and from a dealership! Dealerships usually get a bad rep for poor customer service and ripping people off, but not at Subaru.	2	0
 I'll would strongly recommend never using the service department from Power Subaru.	2	0
  Customer service was awful and they didn't even do what I asked them to, due to them trying to scam me for more business.	2	0
 WORSE CUSTOMER SERVICE PLACE I'VE EVER BEEN TO.	2	0
Then today, I go to get an overpriced service ($160 to do oil change, rotate tires and replace cabin\/air filter- which were filthy but odds are they were filters kept under your counter to show customers to get them to replace) and was updated on what was needed to get my tires for life then was given a quote.	1	0
  Horrible customer service and mediocre results.	2	0
 Worst auto detailing and customer service ever encountered.	2	0
 In my opinion they either have horrible customer service or do not want my business.	2	0
 I had them change the brakes and rotors which was outrageously priced.	1	0
 Worst service ever, this store is why I do not trust mechanics or technicians.	2	0
 Dishonest and crummy service.	2	0
 Terrible customer service!	2	0
  I would not recommend this place based on the poor customer service.	2	0
 Do not use this service, very unprofessional and dishonest.	2	0
  Zero customer service.	2	0
 Don't go here if you want fast service.	2	0
 Xtremely  hostile, Xtreme arrogance,  Xtremely  poor  customer  service.	2	0
  We won't be using their services again.	2	0
 Pamela the retail agent provides extremely poor service.	2	0
 Its true they are super cheap, but thats because they're not running a quality service business.	2	0
 I was very disappointed with the service.	2	0
 Bad customer service.	2	0
 They are extremely rude and have no customer service what so ever.	2	0
 If I could give no stars for his service I would.	2	0
  When we arrived, we experienced unsatisfactory customer service.	2	0
Overpriced! $50 for ONE headlight ($12 & the rest is labor?!?!)  they charged me 20 minutes labor.	1	0
 Terrible Service Manager who needs to be retrained on how to deal with customers & how to be solution oriented.	2	0
 Service Manager has an attitude problem & a customer had to offer me an opinion on how to fix my vehicle because Firestone really was doing a good job of it.	2	0
 Extremely poor service.	2	0
 The receptionist needs a lesson in customer service!	2	0
 They said they would be there in 15 min- still no one came and no one called! This is the WORST service I have experienced in a long time.	2	0
 Do not use this towing service.	2	0
 I am disgusted by the recent service my mother received at Mr.	2	0
 Really bad service, I am here for vacations, we all walk in to buy drinks and fill up gas, the lady was really rude.	2	0
 Pretty poor customer service.	2	0
 Not good customer service at all.	2	0
 Customer service is DEAD.	2	0
 I found this business to be extremely pricey and very dishonest.	1	0
How often do you purchase an item and\/or service in which the cost of the warranty exceeds the price of the original item.	1	0
 Revived horrible service from Rep Arron worst service ever so u empathic to his customers request.	2	0
  Why can't a female not receive the same service her male counterpart did rudeness just overtook him what a shame of a guy	2	0
  The absolute worst way to treat a customer who needs their services.	2	0
 Horrible customer service.	2	0
 Terrible service I will never come back 	2	0
 How  frustrating  service department!	2	0
  Terrible service and long wait times.	2	0
  They are in no way friendly and the service is pretty bad!	2	0
 Poor service is the least of your worries.	2	0
  I have had to drop it for service on a few occasions.	2	0
  Terrible customer service and a laundry list of how not to run a business.	2	0
 Complete waste of time and terrible customer service.	2	0
 Worst service from any business of any kind.	2	0
 Then got a follow up call with a higher price and a later arrival date saying that they already ordered the more expensive product.	1	0
 Terrible, shady service.	2	0
 I was very disappointed in the customer service we received at big O tires in Boulder city Nevada.	2	0
 Terrible service, could not get help from any sales staff.	2	0
 Worst most unprofessional service department I've dealt with.	2	0
Overpriced scary used cars	1	0
 Bad customer service right there!	2	0
 They are ridiculously overpriced and have less than subpar customer service skills.	1	0
 Crap garage and poor customer service skills and this Lou clown claims to be an \"engineer\".	2	0
 The customer service was awful in dealing with an issue, and he basically told us not to come back.	2	0
Also, the second opinion mechanic was very surprised by the high prices Discount Brake quoted me for repairs.	1	0
This place is very poorly ran, it is the only gas station I know that takes an hour to run in for a pack of smokes, bad customer service, out of stock of common items, have had multiple problems.	2	0
 I think its sad that Tempe police would choose a company with such poor service.	2	0
 Their customer service not good at all, whenver I asked them a question, half the time they basically disregarded me and ignored me as if I were talking to myself, and as far as the car buying program, they don't even know how to do their appraisals, which is their words they all repeated several times, we don't kno what we're doing yet.	2	0
 I have never been so disappointed with customer service in all my years.	2	0
  I'm highly disappointed with the customer service in the front office.	2	0
 I am very disappointed with their service department.	2	0
  Called Scion Corp and complained they fixed for free even though out of warranty  Stay away from Autonation, horrible service.	2	0
 Talk about BAD customer service!	2	0
 worst example of customer service I've seen in any business anywhere in the GTA.	2	0
 Very disappointed with their services.	2	0
 S service charge, very overpriced.	1	0
 In the end, the bill was overwhelmingly expensive ($230) for a simple oil change and a tire repair.	1	0
 Expensive, painful, and dragging forever.	1	0
 The gas is always expensive here, go to other locations for better pricing.	1	0
 Terrible wash, long wait, expensive.	1	0
 Paid for the most expensive wash ($16) and went through.	1	0
 worst car dealer in az  dont ever go here unless u want over price crappy cars from the cars to the staff to the owner ship its all shit .	1	0
 and it's bad and it's dramatic and it's very expensive.	1	0
 They also stated that I needed some very expensive items I found out I did not need when I went to a certified mechanic straight after.	1	0
Was told by their sales manager that we would get an incredible price, we were referred by a previous employee.	1	0
 Already outrageously overpriced.	1	0
 I KNEW THIS WAS WAY OVER PRICED.	1	0
\" One of the workers even made a passive aggressive comment when I didn't choose the most expensive option for the oil change.	1	0
  These graphics were expensive but a gift to myself.	1	0
 Overall bad and expensive experience.	1	0
 They tried to charge me a window cleaning fee too just because I brought them an expensive vehicle and they thought I had the money.	1	0
  This manager has ruined the reputation of mrlube and we will not recommend anyone to go to mrlube for their very expensive oil changes and very bad customer service and terrible terrible horrible service.	1	0
 So the loner vehicle that I have been driving isn't a very nice flashy expensive car.	1	0
 Rude, overpriced and notorious for suggesting repairs that are unnecessary.	1	0
 Moral of the story is they have bad customer service and they give inconsistent prices.	1	0
 There over priced on there glass and door repair and make you wait over month for simple fix.	1	0
The price over the phone was $203.	1	0
 For a pricey car this is terrible service.	1	0
I asked them why their prices are so high, here's the response:	1	0
  An overly priced, low quality service.	1	0
Customer service sucked and everything is expensive there deals suck there's nothing good about them people told me there stuff is pricey and just to go to slangin sound and tint i swear i should of listened to them i bought a installation kit for 60$ i saw the same one at AutoZone and Amazon for less to bad i can't return it i will only get store credit.	1	0
 And its the most expensive gas station around.	1	0
  The car was expensive and not complete, I truly am not a happy consumer.	1	0
 Prices are unfair, service is lousy, and wouldn't ever care to go back again.	1	0
 Overpriced, under deliver, disrespectful and incompetent.	1	0
 Overpriced and underemployed.	1	0
 This is a glorified chop-shop, the vehicle that I wanted had some issues and was overpriced.	1	0
Bought their most expensive package - \"full royalty detailing\".	1	0
 Prices are high.	1	0
 Priced high for poor service.	1	0
 Our car is a Volkswagen so everything is expensive! Then he had to put more coolant in and the cap was broken so they replaced that for another $13.	1	0
 So I got the most expensive (super polyprocess) and the car still has 90% of all the bug marks; even on the head lights.	1	0
Very overpriced services (hundreds for breaks) and they made me come back a few days later because it was very obvious they had forgotten to do something.	1	0
 A car was included is nice, but still an outrageous price.	1	0
Don't go to this shops, they installed poor quality parts in my car for a high price.	1	0
 And at a price that's higher than most others around, it's just not worth that weak sauce.	1	0
 Completly outrageous price!!	1	0
 An expensive learning lesson.	1	0
Overpriced, and the equipment is not usually in working order.	1	0
 Very high pressure staff gave off an extremely dishonest vibe!! Especially when they quoted me outrageous prices.	1	0
 Overpriced and inferior work.	1	0
 One can potentially assume sloppy work or oversight on their part, during their overpriced service!	1	0
I repeatedly tried to contact my insurance agent only to find out I can't afford the required full coverage for this new vehicle & the way overpriced payments.	1	0
terrible service, over priced, there is a reason they aren't very busy.	1	0
Overpriced, I had to do break replacement and alignement on my Tundra.	1	0
The service packages are extremely overpriced for one thing.	1	0
 Definitely overpriced for what they offered.	1	0
  Mike says that they can't replace my wheels because they are too expensive.	1	0
PLUS HE BROKE ONE OF OUR VERY EXPENSIVE HUB COVERS.	1	0
  One key error in the description (a very expensive option was missing when I received the vehicle).	1	0
 They were just s expensive as the dealer for brakes.	1	0
  Unfortunately this was a very expensive lesson for us in trusting them, in the end it cost us over $8K out of our pockets that we won't get back.	1	0
I think it was overpriced.	1	0
 I then book a lesson and I get in the car , and of course everything changes, Zahid says they do not accommodate such requests and said could only do so at double the price.	1	0
Very unhelpful and their car is over priced.	1	0
  We agreed on a price and they sent me the purchase agreement and charged my credit card $1000.	1	0
 Can you say Overpriced? Went to this shop for a routine checkup and the mechanic found at least 5 \"needed\" repairs on my fairly new car.	1	0
 Extremely overpriced and lots of questionable charges!	1	0
 Apparently price gouging and dishonesty is their motto across the board which is unfortunate and a message I intend to share vastly so no one encounters the same issue as myself.	1	0
 A little pricey but I needed it done.	1	0
Overpriced, dishonest and fraudulent.	1	0
 The campers were also overpriced.	1	0
 The price was high and he told me everything is ok with that car.	1	0
 Am I crazy for complaining about the price?!?!?	1	0
Owner has cars well overpriced and was cocky when trying to deal with.	1	0
 The kits were extremely overpriced so I walked out.	1	0
 The customer service is horrible! They are over priced on their cars.	1	0
Never knew getting an overpriced oil change ($50) and tires rotated could equate to such  a terrible experience.	1	0
The prices are more expensive then any place else, they are not very helpful, and when they do help, it feels as if its a bother to them.	1	0
I work close to this gas station, and nobody in our  neighborhood , Will subject themselves to high prices,	1	0
Worst prices in town .	1	0
Car wash sucks and gas prices are ridiculous.	1	0
 They price the cars way too high and will not work with customers.	1	0
The most expensive and least competent gas station I've ever encountered.	1	0
  I bought the ultimate wash, or whatever is their most expensive one, and drove up to thr track.	1	0
Since we picked up the car again we have found that it has a leaking windshield washer pump, bad oxygen sensor and a coolant leak from one cylinder head, a very expensive repair.	1	0
- expensive - the initial quote was pushed back by my insurance company and while ultimately they came to an agreement I can't help but think that they were trying to pull a fast one.	1	0
Beware of high cost and deceptive work	1	0
 Fast service but inordinately expensive.	1	0
  Plus they said they check a list of items and tires whicheerewrong it was not very expensive things but again they out and out lied.	1	0
 Bad cars, bad customer service,  and bad prices.	1	0
 The owner and company and it's employees right behind them are greedy, scandalous, unprofessional, unreliable and be prepared to get half ass work done to your car for the most expensive price.	1	0
A cheaply manufactured car for a very expensive price.	1	0
The owner goes to great lengths to get the highest quality beans he can find and it shows in each cup they brew.	0	1
They roast the beans on site and take great care with each batch.	2	1
The cafe itself is cute but the patio is very special.	0	1
All of the employees are so nice and they are quick to get you your drink.	2	1
I think they have the best fresh meat selection in Pittsburgh and its all available at very reasonable prices.	0	1
I think they have the best fresh meat selection in Pittsburgh and its all available at very reasonable prices.	1	1
The pizza was unbelievable, I think this might have been one of the best crusts I have ever had.	0	1
The food was very different from any other taco truck, and different in a really good way.	0	1
Everything looked brand new and clean, the team was smiling and seemed to enjoy their work. 	2	1
The drinks come out fast, have yet to be made incorrectly, and the staff is always friendly, courteous, and helpful.	2	1
Great sandwiches and pastries made on site for very reasonable prices.	0	1
Great sandwiches and pastries made on site for very reasonable prices.	1	1
Meats perfectly seasoned and cooked over charcoal, nice ambiance and the owner lady (? I think) is absolutely lovely.	0	1
Friendly service and delicious breads!  	2	1
In love with the food at this place, my wife and I could eat here for days on end!	0	1
High quality ingredients prepare perfectly.	0	1
Very reliable, great food, excellent service.	0	1
Their chipotle and hot wings are exceptionally delicious and I didn't expect that the first time I ordered them.	0	1
The seafood buffet at the Mresort is real good .	0	1
With everything from fresh produce, cheese, natural foods, free-trade organic coffee and an entire health & body care department, Blush Lane truly is a gem of a store.	0	1
Stumbled in here for brunch at TIFF- great healthy food and good service!	0	1
Been here a few times, great food and menu. The service was good, however the 2 beers I requested they were out of stock.	0	1
The most delicious food in Toronto.	0	1
I love coming here because I able to make many of my comfort foods.	0	1
Low on atmosphere, very friendly staff and delicious food. 	0	1
Had an assiette merguez which was scrumptious.	0	1
Even though this place is small, the service and food was stupendous.	0	1
The crust is thin and crunchy, the cheese is fresh, and if you get the garlic and spinach sauce, it really adds a kick.	0	1
Great bread, great hot table featuring great food every day. Nice people to serve you. A nice family run bakery.	0	1
As others have said their Hot Food bar is very good and its great for me to take food into work, salad bar is very good as well as is their soup bar.	0	1
This place the food is amazing and the service really great.	0	1
I absolutely loved prepared food.	0	1
The fresh food is really fresh.	0	1
This is one of my favorite Food Lion's to go to, it's clean with plenty of cashiers to check you out!	0	1
Really good home made food .	0	1
Very clean, friendly people working there, the food was hot, fresh, and very good!	0	1
Their flavored tortilla were definitely a nice touch! Highly recommend tracking this food truck down and trying it!	0	1
The food made at the little restaurant is the best.	0	1
The food was so delicious, cooked and spiced to perfection. 	0	1
If I had to choose between whole foods and organic garage, this place gets my vote!	0	1
The food is amazing as well!.	0	1
Amazing quality foods and selection.	0	1
The food is unique and flavourful, and the service is impeccable!	0	1
The food is prepared in house and is always fresh.	0	1
Great soups, salads and cakes and more.	0	1
We go out for breakfast only occasionally, so it's kind of a big deal to get some good food.	0	1
All the food was fresh and presented in a very appealing manner.	0	1
The food, including the hot food and baked goods, are all delicious.	0	1
I got to try the mackerel and it was good and crispy.	0	1
One of my favorite places for breakfast or lunch in a city famous for its food!	0	1
They have a nice bakery and a wonderful hot food section with a cafe to sit in.	0	1
The staff was very friendly and the food was great considering that we're pretty spoiled with Chinese restaurants back home.	0	1
Their noodle soups are amazing.	0	1
My husband, a chef, and I love trying new Vietnamese foods but I have to say this is the best we've found yet in Phoenix.	0	1
This place has always provided great customer service and even better food!!	0	1
From their burgers, to their pizza, to their calamari--delicious!	0	1
The tea quality here at Nos Thes is by far one of the best in any tea shops.	0	1
The food is so good!	0	1
Food is great.	0	1
The beans are amazing.	0	1
The seafood is the freshest in Charlotte.	0	1
Great hot foods with unique specials like pierogies.	0	1
Hooked on Hummus, that's what my family tells me, I have craving for their Hummus, the rest of the food is great, but the hummus is like no other, it's fabulous!	0	1
It had a lot of food in it which I love when it comes to soup.	0	1
Delicious, food porn-worthy sweet treats with personality?	0	1
Great service and absolutely fresh meats, goat meat, pork, chicken, seafood, all kinds of beef (feet, skin, tripe).	0	1
Food looked excellent and delicious, though we didn't enjoy anything but coffee drinks.	0	1
Their food is delicious and their staff are super friendly.	0	1
I order lunch for the office at least once a month and everyone loves the food.	0	1
Had the Grillin' Chicken Club (SO GOOD WITH THE MUSTARD!!) and spicy Mac 'N' cheese.	0	1
Weird location for sure signage not good but very nice people and excellent fresh healthy food.	0	1
The beer was good, order a full flight to try it all.	0	1
Wow! Some of the best German food we have had since visiting Munich.	0	1
Its a small place and doesn't look like much, but the food is very good; always get the Singapore noodles, which are very tasty; the hungry man specials is great for $10 includes a drink, chicken balls, fried rice, etc;	0	1
This food truck is delicious! They have homemade flavored tortillas. I have never had anything like it! So good!!	0	1
The food and drink is amazing.	0	1
Salted Caramel Shake! Here they are good food too.	0	1
The delivery was on time, and the food was hot.	0	1
The best international food ever.	0	1
Cold cuts and sausages, cheeses and nuts,  olives and breads, pastries and crêpes, fish and seafood,  the best butcher counter (Kefta, souvlaki and filet mignon are a must).	0	1
Salads and dips, and my favorite of all	0	1
Their food is outstanding and the customer service is exceptional.	0	1
Track this food truck down for wonderful food!	0	1
I have had them a few times and am still in love with the food.	0	1
I also love this food truck!	0	1
The kitchen is spotless and the food is fresh.	0	1
I love this place. Fresh and tasty.	0	1
And my food always taste fresh.	0	1
Otherwise, go to the Urban Bulk Emporium and support local small businesses, get great quality food at reasonable prices, and get great customer service to boot.	0	1
So many changes for the better, more international food items like frozen durian, frozen jackfruit, aged beef, new bakery, new deli, new curry bar, coffee roasted on site and made fresh, salad bar, pizza, entrees to go.	0	1
Best food court option in the Pickering Mall.	0	1
This is probably my favorite Grocery store they always have good food and cigars always have some offers all types of cigars and cigarettes.	0	1
Great food.  Very generous portions.	0	1
Consistent food, love the potatoes with breakfast special and the service is fantastic.	0	1
The quality of the food they serve is good and the cleanliness and service were also good.	0	1
High quality food at reasonable prices.	0	1
The free wi-go is awesome I use it a lot, and the All American food is made locally and sourced locally so it's All American.	0	1
The food is very tasty.	0	1
The owners are so nice, its immaculate, great selection of foods, nostalgic, an assest to a struggling neighborhood.	0	1
The food is always fresh and delicious!	0	1
Great healthy food.	0	1
The food is freshly made by Olivia and the ingredients she uses are good.	0	1
Amazing fresh seafood with an always great selection.	0	1
I love the recent addition of local spices, sauces, pasta and meats.  	0	1
In addition to the normal great selections, their Taco Tuesday special is awesome with all the makings for mahi-mahi fish tacos.	0	1
Great food I had the yogurt with fruit it was awesome great variety of food from healthy to sweet this place is the best.	0	1
Prices were great when compared to online companies.	1	1
Incredibly good pastries, no joke. Good coffee and great prices too.	1	1
Organic Garage continues to have the very best prices for Organic Produce all year round! 	1	1
The prices are low and the tax is included in the price tag, but the best reason to shop here is Sam.	1	1
Reasonably priced supplements, large selection, and products others don't carry.	1	1
Tnis can truly do no wrong,  on top of low prices they have.	1	1
They also have a great selection of produce and refrigerated and frozen foods.	0	1
Their food is outstanding and the customer service is exceptional.	0	1
Food was very fresh, especially the vegetables.	0	1
Great food and very nice owners.	0	1
Hot and sour soup is best in whole area.	0	1
There food is always consistent and fresh.	0	1
My favorite course might have been the purple carrot cake with goat cheese, ground cherries, candied walnuts, and dandelion jelly.	0	1
The beef cheek with wheat berry risotto and celery root puree was also crazy good. 	0	1
Some of the best chinese food I have had.	0	1
In town for business and we ordered combination plate ( chicken balls, chop suey and rice ) was so delicious.	0	1
They make such creative dishes which complement all the other great food trucks around for an amazing dessert.	0	1
Delicious food, incredibly huge portions, and the owner is really nice and caring.	0	1
The prices at Lakshmi are quite reasonable, especially compared to what some of the exact same products are being sold for at the big box stores.	1	1
Low prices are also a great incentive for trying new products and experimenting in the kitchen.	1	1
They have quite good number of itmes, and their price is good.	1	1
Every time I go to this donut shop on Brownsville and i am ALWAYS greeted with a inviting smile and great conversation everyone there is always so nice and the donuts and coffee are EXCELLENT the prices are perfect.	1	1
I think the prices are cheap for the amount of food you get.	1	1
Everything was delicious and reasonably priced.	1	1
The prices are pretty reasonable as well.	1	1
It's a big meal for a very good price ($10) and it always has me happy and full at the end.	1	1
Nothing fancy, service is good, prices are good and food is great.	1	1
The prices were awesome too!	1	1
This store must be privately owned because they seem to cater to an Italian populated area with lots of fresh and dried olives, dried fruits, etc. accepts the pump perks cards to lower prices on specials and to get money off gas at CoGos.	1	1
The employees are friendly and offer flavor suggestions of you are stumped. Prices are super cheap and this sweet treat is perfect for the hot summer weather.	1	1
Prices are fair and the portions are pretty big, I could split a medium with a friend.	1	1
I usually get the 100 count and its reasonably priced.	1	1
Prices for things like giant frozen shrimp are probably the lowest I've seen anywhere.	1	1
Prices range from $5.99 - $23.99 per 50g, fairly reasonable.	1	1
The prices are totally reasonable, especially considering the slightly more labour intensive approach they take.	1	1
I'm sold, great food at a decent price.	1	1
The prices here is much better then other smith's as well.	1	1
And very reasonable prices compared to other locals.	1	1
Prices are more than fair for the great quality.	1	1
They were fun, engaged the crowd and play all of our musical requests and used their experience to keep the dance floor packed all evening. Seeing my mom and dad dancing it up was priceless.	1	1
The prices here are not expensive at all.	1	1
Delicious treats, great staff, affordable prices.	1	1
Prices were on the money if not cheaper than places I'd compared them with (In fact, Bob's Mill products are almost $2 less a bag than Loblaws across the street!).	1	1
Health Palace is my go to source and has the best prices.	1	1
Great prices and selection.	1	1
This little Armenian café deserves 5 stars for the price, service and the amazing decoration of the place.	1	1
The buffalo wings are delicious and a good value for the price of ten dollars a pound.	1	1
This is my local spot to grab a coffee, and for a great price !	1	1
What makes this place so great? Lots of organic options at incredibly inexpensive prices.	1	1
The price also very reasonable comparing to other alternatives. 	1	1
The event planning and vendor cost were fair and reasonable, and I had no surprises.	1	1
Prices are very good and service is excellent.  	1	1
Best Indian store in Charlotte! Great prices, and good customer service. Nice, clean store and convenient parking.	1	1
Amazing meat at a great price and their veggies and fruit are always fresh!	1	1
Also she gave me a great price for the tattoo (three arrows on my spine), better than what most other areas are offering.	1	1
The ingredients are good quality,  like the cheese for example, it is amazing and you can't beat the price!	1	1
Prices are unbeattable !	1	1
The prices are all extremely reasonable - I had a BLT bagel sandwich, which was under $4 and freshly made. 	1	1
Their prices are ridiculously low (make sure you bring cash!!). 	1	1
the prices are really good for their pizza its not over priced like other pizza places	1	1
The fries are great as are the prices.	1	1
The staff is really friendly and helpful and the prices are good.	1	1
Good product and fair prices.	1	1
In addition the price for all of this was so cheap that I had to ask the delivery person to repeat himself to make sure I had heard him correctly.	1	1
Since the lunch price is so reasonable we also got a Mongolian Beef to share. 	1	1
I was so impressed with the selections in this store and found their prices to be comparable to other local stores.	1	1
Breakfast menu prices were really good too.	1	1
Amazing prices for good food.	1	1
They have a great floral department, lots of bouquets and arrangements and the prices are very reasonable.	1	1
Very fair prices and the owner is always onsite to offer helpful service.  	1	1
Pricing is very reasonable for how Asian markets typically price groceries.  	1	1
Usually cheaper than your typical Metro, Maxi, IGA, Super C.	1	1
There are a lot of fresh, quality  produce options,  organic section, and lots of household needs at great prices.	1	1
Their prices are very reasonable and we bought fresh fruit for less than half what our previous market on Pearl Road charged when we stopped there earlier in the day.	1	1
Portion size is big so the price is worth it. 	1	1
But then again the price was just right!	1	1
Lots of coffee flavors and a pretty good price on gas.	1	1
Keep an eye out around Father's Day when they come out with their Man Cave Steaks for a great price.	1	1
They have a whole section for kitchen essentials, pet stuff, medications (wish I knew about this place when I was sick a couple months ago) and even though their prices are crazy cheap they have a clearance section too!	1	1
Convenience with a smile, all my prescriptions are here and the new Theranos  lab is very well priced and friendly.	1	1
Beautiful cupcakes and they were reasonably priced.	1	1
Food is like my grandmas homemade. Price is great but they only take cash.	1	1
Prices are excellent considering the portion sizes. 	1	1
Maxi has excellent prices for many items, including low prices for bulk items. 	1	1
Very friendly staff, reasonable prices on cigars, quality assortment of liquor and an impressive selection of draft beer.	1	1
The environment is relaxing and it offers a great selection of coffee, tea, beer and good at a reasonable price.	1	1
Raise the Root has great prices, fresh produce, particularly delicious apples, and good vibes.	1	1
Great food at good prices, most of the entrees are in the $7.95 to $11.95 range.	1	1
Find me a place with such a wonderful variety of fair-trade beans at such a low price.	1	1
The selection is unique and the prices are extremely reasonable.	1	1
Giant Eagle but this is well worth the price and you get what you pay for.	1	1
I was very impressed with the quality, prices and the cleanliness!	1	1
The price is perfect.	1	1
They have an excellent selection, including many Sugar Free varieties (which I prefer), their portions are very generous and reasonably priced, and they refer to it as Shave Ice (not Shaved Ice or Sno Cones).	1	1
The arrangements were reasonably priced.	1	1
We have not broken into anything but the cherries, they are spectacular and worth the price we paid!	1	1
It's really good, great selection and reasonably priced.	1	1
The prices are even cheaper than Chinatown supermarkets, though they carry lots of things that you simply can't get anywhere else.	1	1
Everyone was nice and everything was really well priced in both the store and cafe .	1	1
Highly recomend as they sell great stuff at a reasonable price to match.	1	1
Homesick expats and curious foodies alike satisfy their cravings for Kalle's Kaviar, Milka chocolate, spaetzle or salty liquorice at amazingly affordable prices.	1	1
Fresh meats that look the way they're supposed to, Gerber's chicken at a great (not Heinen's) price, good variety of prepared foods and local jarred\/ canned\/ frozen goodness.	1	1
Very nice owner, great service, cheap prices.	1	1
Prices weren't outa the roof.	1	1
Cost was fine.	1	1
Their smoothies are really good and cost less than $6.	1	1
High quality wines with perfect prices.	1	1
Coffee was on point and cookies were rather large and priced right!	1	1
Great service, affordable prices, and always delicious food, why not choose T.G.I. Friday's?	1	1
Their 3 layer mousse pastry is amazing and so are their biscuits. Literally everything on their menu is priced very reasonably .	1	1
The service is friendly and fast.	2	1
I highly recommend this place for anyone looking for a good beer selection with friendly service.	2	1
The service is splendid and they are lovely people.	2	1
It was very quick service they were really nice and they got my order perfectly. 	2	1
With the same great service and products you may have encountered at their booth inside The Calgary Farmers' Market, Blush Lane is the perfect extension of the experience we've come to love.	2	1
Stumbled in here for brunch at TIFF- great healthy food and good service!	2	1
They genuinely care about their customers, have excellent conversation and customer service skills, and make a pretty mean shake if you know what I'm saying.	2	1
Great stuff an great service.	2	1
Good customer services, Fast serve drinks.	2	1
Even though this place is small, the service and food was stupendous.	2	1
luvvvvv this place the food is amazing and the service really great. 	2	1
Great and friendly service, too!	2	1
This mom and pop shop offers service with a smile and were very pleasent.	2	1
They treat the customers with respect and have very good service.	2	1
Service was quick and staff were friendly.	2	1
Let's support a shop that is really making an effort to give great service, great surroundings and great products!!	2	1
Great costumer service always super clean .	2	1
Best tasting sweets and great service.	2	1
Best service you could find in QuikTrip.	2	1
They truly do have the best customer service and product, Amin is great to work with.	2	1
The service was also great.	2	1
The service is exelent, you can get samples from some of the pastries.	2	1
Prices are very affordable and service is Great !	2	1
The inside decorations are a little outdated and could use some freshening up but it doesn't take away from the quality of the food and the great service. 	2	1
Had a great service experience here!	2	1
There was one barista working today that was particulary friendly and we chatted about our fave mix and match drinks!\nvery impressed with the service here!	2	1
Staff is friendly great customer service.	2	1
It's always been clean and the service has always been on point.	2	1
They have amazing customer service an treated me with respect even tho I came crawling in with no shoes an puffy eyes on a Sunday Hung over needing some pho to help my hang over. 	2	1
There is no one harder working, dedicated to customer service and all around great person.	2	1
The service is fast and efficient, well worth the extra price (compared to Tim Hortons, where it's often slow and heartless). 	2	1
The service is awesome and even though I don't give a lot of notice when I need something, they always come through for me!	2	1
Love the customer service, the best sandwiches and the fastest service without sacrificing taste!	2	1
Friendly, helpful service and lots of parking.	2	1
Peek a Boo Bakery has great service and easy to work with, just tell them your vision and she brings it to life !!	2	1
The service was fast and they all worked together.	2	1
great service! Had lunch their and was absolutely amazing.	2	1
The service is magnificent and the owner, Henry, is the nicest of the nicest.	2	1
Very friendly service, great meat selection and always have doritos and tortillas on sale. Great selection overall.	2	1
I forgot to write this review weeks ago but since trying this service I have additionally tried two other similar services available in town and they have all been pretty good. 	2	1
The 2nd service was also called meal prep (had a remarkably similar name in other words ) and had a great automated website but was otherwise very impersonal and the meals seemed like they have been merely assembled from somewhere .	2	1
Service was polite and helpful.	2	1
I worked in the field of customer service for several years in the past and I can say with certainty that his service was one of the top 10 best experiences I had in a store.	2	1
She had us laughing and provided great customer service.	2	1
I always have had great service at this location.	2	1
Great food great service I would recommend this place to anyone.	2	1
I have enjoyed Starbucks services in Toronto, Ottawa and Montreal, I have been to at least 10 different outlets altogether.	2	1
Service was quick with wonderful ambience of the cafe.	2	1
The owners are very warm.	2	1
Without Laura and her willingness to provide excellent service  my daughter would not have a wedding cake on this special day.	2	1
Great quality, unique tasting blends, amazing services!	2	1
The food is and the service is better.	2	1
Good friendly service.	2	1
Fast and easy and ready to eat.	2	1
The service was the best.	2	1
Great food, great service, great experience.	2	1
The service is always friendly and personal and always comes with a smile from her many young helpers.	2	1
Absolutely the best carne I've ever had and the service is great also.	2	1
Robeks always has the best service!	2	1
Anyway the pizza pizza is awesome and the service is excellent and friendly and fast and it's cheap.	2	1
Five star review because the customer service is amazing here.	2	1
YoFruitty gets 5 stars in my book. Awesome flavors, friendly service, and just can't be beat with those other competitors.	2	1
Best drinks and fast service and lovely faces.	2	1
The owners were so friendly I had to write a review.	2	1
Thrilled with the customer service front line manager!	2	1
Honestly, this front line manager made the difference by going above and beyond to ensure customer service and satisfaction.	2	1
 Very impressed with this service and many people will be benefiting from this transaction.	2	1
Nice store, always clean and good customer service.	2	1
Finally a full service Tim Horton's that I can now go to and have a double double in a China mug while just relaxing in the environment is what I have been waiting since the beginning of December.	2	1
I am a weekly visitor to this little fruit and veg store. Given the price of fresh produce in the city this place is definitely worth a trip. Good quality, variation and very friendly service.	2	1
This place has the best cookies and customer service!	2	1
Their staff is so nice and accommodating.	2	1
Superior product and excellent service.	2	1
Friendly service  by this Romanian lady.	2	1
This quaint cafe with friendly service was a bright & fresh stop to end our day.	2	1
Overall, the customer service was great and I will definitely order from her again!	2	1
The service is good and they don't charge for their bags either.	2	1
Amazing staff, great quality and perfect service.	2	1
Staff were friendly and cheery.	2	1
It is rare these days to find companies that will be so focused on welcoming their clients in a warm matter.	2	1
The service is impeccable.	2	1
The service is always awesome and I love that you can buy huge tins and just bring them to get refilled!	2	1
Prices are a bit higher than Marc's but cheaper than Giant Eagle, Heinen's, Whole Foods, etc. and the level of service is fantastic.	2	1
I came here with a client today and service was friendly and warm, made me happy when they asked if we had been there before and if we wanted the menu explained.	2	1
The staff\/service was very friendly, and the drinks were delicious and fairly priced!	2	1
Service was very kind, both owners were knowledgeable and willing to share their ingredients and had a clear passion that'll definitely have me coming back.	2	1
The customer service did not disappoint.	2	1
Quick drive thru service and they are always friendly!	2	1
The service and quality are amazing!!!!	2	1
It's always been fast with friendly service, even in bad weather.	2	1
I've been three times and had really good service all three.	2	1
Lots of flavors and excellent customer service.	2	1
Friendly cashiers and great customer service (once an employee checked the freezers in the back of the store and found a product that I was looking for that was not out in the general freezer location) make this my favorite Rabba location in the area.	2	1
Service is great and the food is always prepared quickly.	2	1
The service definitely was not nearly as good as this Quail Corners location and they didn't have the Peanut Butter Cup flavor, I was devastated!	2	1
Their service is unparalelled to anyone else there.	2	1
It's worth the drive if you want to learn more about tea and if you appreciate truly nice customer service.	2	1
This is my favorite convenience store to go to by far! Exceptional customer service, the main owner is super cool and always give the best deals!	2	1
Very friendly service and everything is homemade on the premises.	2	1
The store is clean and most important of all great service.	2	1
From hostess, to 15 minutes for a waiter, to mediocre at best food (flautas were blandly acceptable).	2	0
This place was really bad food was awful my fries were cold.	0	0
I ordered a fruit and yogurt parfait and they gave me plain yogurt, tried to call and let them know so they don't do it to anyone else and they didn't answer the phone the 4 times I tried to call, how hard is it to mess up a damn parfait??	2	0
The attitude you get from the same 2 women is so unprofessional!	2	0
I had a friend working there and he told me not to buy certain stuff like juices ... Very expensive..	1	0
This has to be the worst Starbucks on the planet, terrible service, never get an order right, horrible attitudes, and on and on.	2	0
Food is too spicy for me.	0	0
Chicken balls were the worst, Huge amount of what tasted like doughnut batter and a very small chuck of chicken.	0	0
The rice was yellow (don't know why), General Tao chicken was sweet, not spicy and in general the food was not fresh or tasty.	0	0
The drive thru was so slow we had to abort our afternoon iced coffee run.	2	0
The cake was well designed, but it tasted like soap!	0	0
This is hands down the worst coffee unless you like coffee flavored water.	0	0
Poor service, poor attitude, out of products, and they took forever to get us our food, worst dunkin donuts I have ever been to.	2	0
It does sounds good, but but but the food is just too bad.	0	0
This is honestly the SLOWEST service you could possibly get at a 'fast food' place.	2	0
This is a brand new McDonalds so it is amazing that the quality is so poor.	0	0
Didn't greet us or thank us for spending our money at his stink ass store.	2	0
The staff are rude and not friendly with an extreme attitude. 	2	0
Every thing thing from the buffet was cold, the eggs, the potatoes, the French toast - COLD.	0	0
The bacon was nothing short of raw.	0	0
The food was not good AT ALL.	0	0
Barista in Starbucks at Safeway with the blonde hair was very rude.	2	0
None of the workers had a smile.	2	0
The drive through takes for ever and they constantly get the order wrong.	2	0
Way to much chilli, cheese no melted.	0	0
She never has anything nice to say about anyone.	2	0
Really wish no stars were a option, seeing as the snarky, rude, and sarcastic customer service sold me on the fact, that even as a McDonald's fast food worker, they obviously don't care about their crappy jobs.	2	0
I hope nobody buys from this place because of  the arrogant management that they have.	2	0
This is one of the most overpriced grocery stores in charlotte, NC\nPlease be aware \/ check prices of anything before you buy.	1	0
The decaf coffee here is just terrible - watered down.	0	0
Not sure I can give a star for  this one , but I will give it a 1 ,and not going back in to complain not worth it , first off my skinny vanilla latte with soy  was  bad that I couldn't drink it .	0	0
The people who work here are less than friendly.	2	0
Stay away. Manager and staff doesn't know what the promos are.	2	0
The price has gone up.	1	0
The food quality and taste has gone down.	0	0
The owner or worker was rude and disgusting. 	2	0
Just stopped for breakfast the employees couldn't move any slower if it were humanly possible an extremely discourteous.	2	0
I don't remember the guys name who rang my order up but just wanted to State that I received very poor customer service upon going here.	2	0
The owner\/cashier is very rude and aggressive.	2	0
Greeted by a haggard, elderly senior with a permanent scowl.	2	0
After reviewing the video tape the employee did in fact take the paint off of the car with the high pressure hose.	2	0
Slowest Starbucks on the planet.	2	0
And, employees seem completely unconcerned.	2	0
The frozen yogurt was too tart and then only offered 2 or 3 flavors--none of which I liked.	0	0
The yogurt is disgusting and I would never go here again.	0	0
The service is extremely slow and the employees are rude.	2	0
The nastiest tacos I have ever tasted, No phone number on the receipt to call to tell them  $12 spent on garbage.	0	0
So terrible I sought out this website to warn others off! I ordered take-out Kung Pao Chicken and got a soupy mess, with a handful of burnt chilis thrown on top destroying any flavor? with spicy burnt chili flavor.	0	0
Inedible disgusting food I would not serve my worst enemy.	0	0
Also my soda was completely flat and my egg rolls had no taste at all but burnt brown things on the wrapper and some sort of mystery meat inside, and not in a tasty chinese-food mystery meat kind of way, a tasteless, has anyone seen the cat?	0	0
How hard is it to make a toasted plain bagel with cream cheese? Wasn't toasted, only warmed and barely any cream cheese.	0	0
My standards are reasonably low considering that I got my dinner from McDonald's, but their food is flat out NASTY.	0	0
I really do not  like Walgreens for several reasons..Prices are high,and then there is that Balance Rewards card they demand you use [and you MUST use to get sales prices.	1	0
The worst ,sugar free will give you stomach cramps unbelievable.	0	0
I order four for Thanksgivings and all were a disappointment.	0	0
Their \"special\" pie have to be pre-ordered and that order has to be in by 2 PM, otherwise, you have to wait two days.	2	0
Worst customer service ever!	2	0
I am not one to normally write reviews, but the service and quality at the Dunkin location is poor at best.	2	0
It was 1\/3 shrimp and 2\/3 batter, and it tasted like it was soaked in oil.	0	0
I couldn't finish my meal at all.	0	0
This place's food is horrible.	0	0
The food isn't cooked properly and tastes poor in quality.	0	0
No matter the name, since press the food here is terrible.	0	0
I am shocked at the behaviour of this market's overnight staff.	2	0
If you like soft bread don't go to his location, this one is by my house but every time I've gone my sandwich feels like its on a rock versus bread.	0	0
No smile, no greeting, no thank you for my purchase.	2	0
The service is slow, the food is cold, and the management is incompetent.	2	0
The service is slow, the food is cold, and the management is incompetent.	0	0
I strongly do not recommend this place, all meat dishes here are so fatty, I felt sick just looking at the two meat dishes.	0	0
Terrible customer service.	2	0
The fish was rotten.	0	0
Owner threw me out after I asked for my money back.	2	0
With great difficulty I finally found the Starbucks and guess what there washroom was out of order!	2	0
The owner or managers should be ashamed of themselves  for the absolute filth in this store.	2	0
I definitely do not recommend this place because of the attitude and condescending behaviour of the owner.	2	0
It takes 15 minutes to get coffee  and it's not even done right.	2	0
They are Incompetent and unprofessional.	2	0
Did not show up on time for a scheduled event.	2	0
They don't keep regular hours anymore and their selection is becoming more limited.	2	0
The service at this location is slow and terrible even by McDonald's standards, and they almost always screw up my order.	2	0
Also, it is supposed to be open 24 hours, but when I pulled into the drive-thru after midnight recently, I waited for five minutes and no one took my order.	2	0
High prices and they run out of regular gas often to rip you off even more.	1	0
I seriously have to wait for 15-20 in line it's seriously gets the customers pist.	2	0
Over ten times I have ordered my coffee and driven away and it be completely wrong, I throw it away or get it fixed at a different location!	2	0
And the elder Indian women that work their are horribly rude and cruel individuals.	2	0
They are so rude they never say have a good day or hello or ANY greeting coming or going.	2	0
Dirty dinning list will not go here again sad cuz there donuts were good.	2	0
This is the worst slice of pizza I've had.	2	0
The place is absolutely filthy.	2	0
Just on the counter by the registers there is dust and dirt all over on the back of cords, plugs  and register.	2	0
Service is extremely slow and they're not very friendly.	2	0
The manager is completely unreasonable to allow for the customer in front of me to get sauce added to their meal for no extra charge but for me he wanted to charge me.	2	0
Very poor customer service.	2	0
The chocolatine was really disgusting, like dry, the croissant was without any particular taste. 	0	0
The chick was rude, no customer service.	2	0
First the horribly PUSHY sales people.	2	0
I've complained twice now to the Manager and to an assistant about the poor conditions at this store.	2	0
Very rude people here .	2	0
Disgusted by their customer service!	2	0
An employee was rude, forgot our order, unapologetic, gave us cold food, & made us late for church!	2	0
Today I waited 15 minutes for my drink the employee totally forgot.	2	0
Water flowing out of soft drink machine from back up of sewer line.	2	0
It was the worst tasting cake that I have ever tasted!	0	0
Definately not worth $190.00 for a two tier cake.	1	0
The price is ridiculous.	1	0
I am sooo mad I went to this place!! the food is not good at all!	0	0
the curry was extremely watery like if it was a soup and taste really bad.	0	0
My wife ordered the chicken stew and it was disgusting.	0	0
I was the only patron in the restaurant and had to wait over 30 minutes.	2	0
The crabs were bad.	0	0
They smelled bad when you opened them, and had very little meat on them. 	0	0
Manager on duty seemed like she didnt care.	2	0
No noise cancelling so everybody can hear you from the door of the establishment. 	2	0
No too clean yet they charge you $7 for a cleaning fee.	1	0
This place is still awful and the managers I routinely encounter are still rude beyond belief.	2	0
Today we went in and waited.....over 15 minutes after we were seated and no one came by to get out drink order.	2	0
One of the worst customer service, no one serves me for good 5 mins, I have to repeat my order 3x then missing the soup of my order and won't admit it.	2	0
The staff must take the example of their restaurant's name to heart; customer service was practically non-existent, as if hibernating.	2	0
Surprised to see people saying how friendly the staff is.	2	0
I complained to the head office of Sobey's (Fresh Co's parent company) and on their Facebook page regarding the filthy condition of the store this past Saturday (June 19, 2015).	2	0
My purchases include paying extra for lattes made with almond milk because that is what I drink. 	0	0
Seriously bad service.	2	0
Very poor customer service and rude employees.	2	0
Just like other reviews have said, they NEVER have anything that is listed on their menu.	2	0
Lattes are poorly made.	0	0
Employees are inattentive at best and rude at worst.	2	0
The guy who picked up was very rude, told me he could not help me because he is the only one working, refused to give me his name and hung up.	2	0
Wasn't very happy at all, the guy didn't seem whatever about his job and the freezes we ordered were already melted and runny and didn't taste great at all.	2	0
Called to inquire about an order and lady over the phone was rude and snippy.	2	0
Would never expect service like that from family run business. 	2	0
I ordered a cake for my engagement party here and it was horrible.	0	0
This absolute worst service ever.	2	0
However, this time I waited 15 minutes too long for my food and received a chicken (not sotritas as ordered) surprise in my \"plant based\" quinoa dish.	2	0
However, this time I waited 15 minutes too long for my food and received a chicken (not sotritas as ordered) surprise in my \"plant based\" quinoa dish.	0	0
The Service	2	0
It was not cold enough and tasted very watered down - no taste whatsoever and it didn't have the smoothie creaminess.	0	0
The side dish is not delicious at all.	0	0
They don't taste like donuts at all, they taste more deep fried than they are donuts. 	0	0
The service here is unbearable, our waitress had an attitude throughout our entire visit.	2	0
As a consumer I am extremely dissatisfied with the service.	2	0
Rude service and stale donuts.	2	0
review_id 	2	0
I had the worst experience with customer service with Cynthia. 	2	0
They dont have AC AND THEY REFUSE TO OPEN THE DOOR FOR AIR! 	2	0
the customer service is absolutely ridiculous.	2	0
Miserable staff that obviously hate their jobs.	2	0
Seriously! Not what you expect from a professional business!	2	0
I ordered the original milk tea with pudding and it did not taste like bubble tea. 	0	0
It tasted powdery and plain like those bad sugar-free soya milk.	0	0
It wasnt cold and there is like no ice at all in the drink. 	0	0
The coffee is inconsistent here and the baked goods usually have flies milling about.	0	0
Waited 45 mins for two scoops of ice cream and it taste old. Will not be back To this place	0	0
Waited 45 mins for two scoops of ice cream and it taste old. Will not be back To this place	2	0
No vegetables?  Not an onion, a pepper?	0	0
Each time I come to this TH, there are consistent errors with my order.	2	0
The food was bland and cold.	0	0
The girls are rude and make you feel like you are lucky they are waiting on you. 	2	0
caramel frap tasted burnt.	0	0
java chip tasted like watered down ice. 	0	0
Horrible customer service during the week.	2	0
Very zombie like and non-responsive.	2	0
Their choice of flavours is so poor I wouldn't eat any of the crap flavours they had .	0	0
Cupcakes looked gorgeous but tasted as if they were pre-made or purchased in bulk and decorated and then tasted really bland and boring.	0	0
They don't accept credit cards at all, no signs anywhere stating that so basically you have to wait in line at the register to have the cashier tell you they don't accept credit.	2	0
Update	2	0
Cold cookie each time and ran out of cookies, again.	0	0
Their cakes don't taste fresh.	0	0
The mille feuilles is disgusting.	0	0
Scheduled to do tacos for an event and didn't show up until after the event was over.	2	0
Its 630am and im waiting in line for what seems like an eternity for two breakfast sandwiches what's wrong with this place they just can't get it right	2	0
Lady at the drive through was rude and rushed me I only ordered a Thai tea (iced) with boba which they didn't have like almost everything on the menu.	2	0
I can't speak to the dinner menu or service (food delivered through Foodie Call), but the sushi is pretty bad.	0	0
Ordered salmon and yellowtail sashimi, which a) smelled fishy upon opening the container and b) was slightly discolored.	0	0
Very disappointing, particularly for the price.	1	0
Very rude!!! Watched one woman play solitaire on her computer while I waited to be waited on!	2	0
This place is horrible the bigger girl with the red hair is so rude.	2	0
The Starbucks has always sucked the people that work there don't know how to do their job you'd be better off just getting rid of the kiosk entirely.	2	0
The people here are rude and although they offer a large selection of food and drink, they have no bathroom for thir customer's to use.	2	0
They are always out of hot food. 	2	0
The employees laughed and said the owner doesn't like us making a lot of food.	2	0
1.The strawberry ice cream machine was down.	2	0
The beef tastes old and dried out.	0	0
The sauce and bread were stale.	0	0
Bad service, sketchy people, bathroom out of order.	2	0
No bathroom, and the carpet are incredibly dirty.	2	0
Horrible customer service.	2	0
Was yelling at us when their credit card machine wouldn't work.	2	0
The pastries looked kind of old and don't know how long they were sitting on the shelf for.	2	0
The kidney pieces I added to the mutton has all melted by the time the mutton was cooked.	0	0
They do not honor their word or what is written on their website - skip it - they are not worth it!!!	2	0
He is very disrespectful and talk behind customers.	2	0
Ice cream machine is usually broken.	2	0
Iced coffee is rarely made correctly and last time all of our food was cold.	0	0
I been here a few times during the weekend and all those times the food quality was not that good.	0	0
The food literally tasted like horse sh*t- I WISH I was making an exaggeration.	0	0
No seasoning whatsoever on anything.	0	0
Since the food was disgusting and the service so slow, we walked out and went to another restaurant (JiMichael's Lakeview Restaurant) for breakfast.	0	0
Overall, too much money for really lousy food.	0	0
Overall, too much money for really lousy food.	1	0
The fries were bland and oily anyway and bore little resemblance to authentic Belgian fries I've eaten in the past.	0	0
Never will I ever go back again the food was terrible cold and old	0	0
Located just west of Dufferin on Wilson, La Chilena seemed like an interesting place to try since I've never had Chilean food.	0	0
Chili cheese fries were mushy, chicken strips had zero flavor and the seafood combo my husband had was inedible, frozen seafood, horribly overlooked and nothing had any taste in fact we're still not sure what one of the items on the plate was. Yuck!	0	0
This has to be the worst Métro grocery store in Montreal. It is extremely expensive, food is often expired or simply not fresh.	0	0
Awful service & undercooked food, actually got a refund because I couldn't eat my meal.	0	0
After a long day of moving and being hungry, this was the only place open and then they give us horrible food.	0	0
Need new management great place for a drink that's about it food is not good!	0	0
I'd give it zero stars if I could. Rude service, over priced and the food was awful. 	0	0
My chicken wrap thing had so much grease I couldn't eat it, the picture doesn't do justice.	0	0
There was very little parmesan cheese (flakes scattered), and the chicken tasted old and manufactured, the ciabatta bun stale.	0	0
I wasn't expecting Chinese food to be a culinary delight, but everything we ordered tasted very bland and not anywhere hear fresh.	0	0
Everything was cold and had no flavor.	0	0
Sorry to see such good food become uneatable!	0	0
The food was old, stale, cold, and border-line disgusting. 	0	0
The fries were the worst part.	0	0
Food was mediocre, croissant was cold with a dab of food in and garnish was 4 grapes.  	0	0
Salad was grossly overpriced for the size.	0	0
Food was horrible, had a lot crushed bones in it, and it tasted really bad, although the staff was nice and over expensive.	0	0
Just got 2 chicken biryani but really disappointed with food no spice at all even mentioned spicy while ordering and chicken pieces look like yesterday's chicken not fresh one at all.	0	0
And the food was greasy, dry and bland.	0	0
However in the case of this cafe I have to say that the food is stale and the service is terrible.	0	0
Flavorless, overpriced and measly portions of gristly proteins. 	1	0
Not worth for the price. I wouldn't order from this place again.	1	0
In only a few months, their bulk items have seen 30% price increases which is outrageous, and can't be explained by higher supply costs.	1	0
Very oily and with 0.75 for each samosa, they were pretty expensive as compared to other places that we have tried.	1	0
bought approx dozen sausages, they were all charged at the highest price, even though it was only one sausage at that price.	1	0
portions are overpriced and small for $15	1	0
I would definitely not order a custom cake from here again, especially considering the price of the cake.	1	0
Overpriced ice cream with little flavor.	1	0
Wow over price on the rice cooker and they are not willing to match the price... check the price at other places before you buy anything from here.	1	0
The food onsite	1	0
The waitress didn't know the menu, the food was ok but the bread was so dry and tasteless and overpriced.	1	0
Customer service is sub par and the beer prices are considerably more than anywhere else.	1	0
But that's about it really, in terms of other goods, they're overpriced and doesn't have the good variety you find elsewhere.	1	0
My smoothie bowl was over priced of course cuz it's the airport & tasteless.	1	0
Usually when a restaurant describes themselves as \"farm to table\", they'll talk enthusiastically about those farms to anyone who asks. Seems like they're using it to justify high prices, which I can only assume are necessary to cover the costs of a Garfield license. 	1	0
Also, price is expensive!	1	0
A majority of their items ring up as the wrong price and the cashiers refuse to give you the item at the listed price.	1	0
All this at a higher prices then local restaurants.	1	0
They have the highest prices in the area and also charge 50 cents for using a credit card.	1	0
Trash trash trash idk how this place is even a business coffee taste like yesterday's batch I could probably make homemade coffee and sell it on the corner of any street and do better never coming back again and over priced go ahead and try it if your life's full of disappointment.	1	0
Merchandise and gasoline are overpriced as well.  	1	0
The bubble tea is over priced for what you get.	1	0
Didnt want to obey by the law when he got the wrong prices on the shelf and then started arguing with us what a GREAT FUCKING MANGER THEY HIRED...	1	0
Don't expect much if you attend one of these events, paper plates and over priced drinks, but hey some of the proceeds go to a great cause.	1	0
The food and drinks are very overpriced for the quality of the product I'm receiving.	1	0
I live right next to the 7-Eleven by Onnix and every time I go in there Apple Pay is not working this store is so ridiculous the prices are amazingly high for no reason the employees are just terrible and disrespectful clearly the management needs to do something about it this is why I go to Quiktrip which is about a minute longer to drive just so I can avoid mess ups like this.	1	0
Food line is already extremely overpriced it is convenient because it's close but I will not be returning to this Food Lion.	1	0
Prices are high compared to similar styled stores	1	0
anyone can make these soup at home. overpriced for just soup.	1	0
Your basic over-priced American chain with a staff I wouldn't leave my dog with.	1	0
Store is too small, it only carries a small inventory, over priced, products close to expiration date you need to keep your eye on it.	1	0
The food was decent, but woefully  overpriced for the small size of the burger itself.	1	0
Prices are high too, you can find better deals at Heinen's if you shop the sales.	1	0
Their ice cream is overpriced and I will definitely tell everyone I know not to support such a toxic environment that is not welcoming and completely against the Beaches charm.	1	0
The selection is small and the prices are too high.	1	0
Somewhat influenced by their overpriced, shrunken slushes price point compared to Jack Flash's huge slushes for the same price.	1	0
The last item just rang up at the wrong price.	1	0
Very small portions for the price you pay.	1	0
The store has improved in their prices which were over priced before.	1	0
I felt bad and bought a scoop anyways and threw it away when I got home, also it's way overpriced!	1	0
I would give zero stars but the product itself is OK but horribly overpriced.	1	0
Exo Fruits is a stupendously overpriced fruits and veggie market that can't decide if they want to be a full grocery store or not.	1	0
Seems like they get away scamming drunk people for overpriced poutine like it's no big deal.	1	0
My fault for not checking the price before buying but what kind of business charges more than a dollar more per gallon than everyone else? 	1	0
Price was ridiculous for what it was.	1	0
Menchies is also pricey, but better tasting, better quality.	1	0
Unacceptable for the prices they charge.	1	0
Over priced and inedible.	1	0
Sucks constantly bums in & out of the store everything is overpriced , nothing is ever properly stocked about 3 days ago I went in to buy a postal stamp  for a letter & the cashier rudely said that they didn't have any in stock to come back in a couple hours & today I went again to get a stamp & yet again there was no stamps & also a ton of rude other customers & employees that offered little to no help	1	0
Prices are outrageous, so we resent paying more for less anyway.	1	0
I've been to Five Guys twice, and both times the food was terrible, especially considering the price.	1	0
I get that their business may be struggling but serving non-alcoholic cocktails at extreme prices is no way to make it better.	1	0
The menu pretty much doesn't have a whole lot on it, in my opinion and the prices are high for what you get.	1	0
This market is way overpriced and has a very limited selection.	1	0
We are both disappointed in the high prices and limited selection.	1	0
I honestly think that the prepared foods are made cheap, low quality and they overprice them.	1	0
To summarize, this place simply is over priced and due to their popularity, don't care much about their customer's experience.	1	0
The food there is way overpriced and is actually horrible.	1	0
They have waaaay overpriced standard fare, grossly fake looking bagels that look like Chinese steamed buns, cream cheese, grab n go food for the flight and junk snacks (chips and such) with Seattle's best branded brewed coffee served in styrofoam cups.	1	0
Well this morning I was just going to get coffee and cookies for work when I came across what looked to be a good deal Powerade 3 for $1.00 not to crazy of a price so I grabbed 3 cases off while the Coke rep.	1	0
Either way, for $9.00 it was definitely over-priced.	1	0
I like the concept, but it was very pricey for the poor quality.	1	0
I am not going to jump through hoops AND give my money to a company with such horrible customer service, for an overpriced product.	1	0
The product seems overpriced, along with poor customer service.	1	0
Horrible drinks with even worse prices.	1	0
I've also noticed that prices seem to have risen faster at this store than at nearby groceries.	1	0
And the price has increased.	1	0
And I couldn't get over how high the prices were on many of the items I checked.	1	0
What a ripoff! It's so not worth the $15 cover and overpriced food. 	1	0
The employees stare at you like you're inconveniencing them just for walking in, cigarette prices are jacked up by a ridiculous margin, and they stock nothing aside from junk food and stale bread.	1	0
There's nothing special about these hamburgers except they're way overpriced for what you get. Meatheads beats them on every level.	1	0
Score zero on all requirements with the odd smell, not much gelato and sad looking assortmemt of over priced over sweet nastiness.	1	0
She double checked and said that there must have been a price increase but the stickers were not changed.	1	0
The most annoying thing are the juice prices though! 	1	0
Okay then, I will never buy your over priced attitude pickles ever. 	1	0
I settled for an overpriced cinnamon sugar cronut that ended up being burnt and was not even good.	1	0
The price of the chocolate is high, so I decided to take them up on their \"free\" sample.	1	0
When I questioned the price after I returned thinking he charged me for a whole hoagie and was told basically go away. 	1	0
Save you money buying the over-priced  coffee and go the The Urban Bean next store.	1	0
Be careful with this place prices are not displayed and they charge according to how much they think you can pay also they put stuff that they do not tell you they are making it like that so be careful with that as well this place is expensive considering is not a restaurant is only a taco truck be careful please.	1	0
The prices aren't any different or better than the QT on the other side of the street so I'll wait through the light from now on.	1	0
The baked goods looked old the case and way over priced.	1	0
The food here is beyond overpriced for what you get.	1	0
It was a bit pricey but the food was good so I was willing to order again.	1	0
Each time there is an error in the pricing, and really the prices are way out of line.	1	0
It's pricey, but much better than 10 squares of chocolate for 34.99.	1	0
No need to write a long review for this place, simple, horrible service and extremely over priced, you are better off going to ANY other smoke shop, stopping here is a waste of money.	1	0
Here's how the scam *really* makes their money	1	0
Way overpriced coffee, served with a healthy dose of pretention.	1	0
The cookies were small, hard and pricey. 	1	0
If you want the greatest customer service and most knowledgable person, ask for Marcus!	2	1
very helpful and does excellent repair work at very affordable prices.	1	1
I am (im)patiently waiting for my new and improved ring in the mail (will update with a photo), but could not be happier with the quality and service received at Schubach.	2	1
Great prices and beautiful dresses.	1	1
Their furnishings are true works of art, and their pieces are reasonably priced considering the high level of quality in which each is crafted.	1	1
 Great prices on western and workwear.	1	1
\n\nVery good customer service over the phone and in person.	2	1
Excellent customer service, Amazing selection of pipes and vapes, and compared to prices in Atlanta, the prices here are great because there is something for almost everyone, cost wise which made the pleasant experience even better	2	1
Excellent customer service, Amazing selection of pipes and vapes, and compared to prices in Atlanta, the prices here are great because there is something for almost everyone, cost wise which made the pleasant experience even better	1	1
The ring, the design, the quality and the personal service are all amazing.	2	1
Good prices, their house line is surprisingly decent, id recommend the pomberry.	1	1
I had two rings re-sized here and they gave me a very reasonable price.	1	1
I was super pleased by the level of service she received there.	2	1
A prescription that was priced out at $132 at my local veterinarian's was filled for $25 here.	1	1
Amazing skills and one on one service.	2	1
Her prices cannot be beat for good quality lash extensions.	1	1
High end shop with moderate prices!, As good as it gets!	1	1
This boutique owners, Ido (pronounced 'E-doh') and his wife Ronit (pronounced 'Rone-neat'), are wonderful people, honest dealing, and provide such excellent service that you build a life-long relationship with them for all your jewelry needs compared to a typical transaction\/negotiation.	2	1
It's a concierge service model rather than a shark tank in your standard shopping center jewelry store with a cars-dealer type of salespeople.	2	1
 Our friend even shopped around town at a few places and researched the value online and told us that it's an unbeatable price for the quality.	1	1
 They couldn't believe the price for the quality of the stones, I hope this is helpful to you if you're trying to find a trustworthy, high quality, and best value jewelry for a purchase!	1	1
Great company great service perfect jewelry thank you	2	1
The prices are VERY reasonable and they literally have a little bit of everything, from high end designer pieces to knock offs that will give you pause.	1	1
Posterjack offers a great product and exceptional customer service.	2	1
It's definitely a diamond in the rough, the plaza and the store front aren't fantastic but she had a pretty big selection and the customer service was amazing.	2	1
Price was exactly what was quoted (basically shop minimum ) and I got one word 3 inches long on the inside of my arm.	1	1
I actually tried another business called Southland Prestige Alterations in hope that I might find someone good at a better price.	1	1
Very friendly staff and excellent service.	2	1
I would highly recommend him and his services.	2	1
Some of the best cigars I've ever had at an awesome price.	1	1
LOVE this store and its great service!	2	1
The customer service was absolutely amazing they did a great job of making her feel catered to.	2	1
Great customer service both times we've gone in to pickup our items.	2	1
Overall, good place with good prices.	1	1
Great quality items at great prices.	1	1
Great service and prices, so highly recommend!	2	1
Great service and prices, so highly recommend!	1	1
Love the store and quality, but what always stands out, is the great customer service.	2	1
The customer service was so helpful and located my serial number and they assured me I could send it in even though it is not under warranty no problem.	2	1
As far as their Rx services go, I've experienced nothing less than incredibly fantastic and personalized customer service, over and beyond anything I've ever experienced at any Pharmacy, ever before.	2	1
Vape Inn has a great selection of products, top notch customer service and excellent prices.	2	1
Vape Inn has a great selection of products, top notch customer service and excellent prices.	1	1
Petite , overload with latest trends prices great love it	1	1
The service was top notch, except one of the salesgirls, while very nice, would open my dressing room curtain unannounced to look at what I was trying on.	2	1
Absolutely fantastic service! I tabbed Lain of GoTech to do a custom computer build, a hackintosh no less.	2	1
Mike was over the top helpful and the service was next to none! We bought our Hot Tub wholesale through Mike and LV Hot Tubs which saved us thousands.	2	1
Amazingly, he listened to our answers! We test drove several mattresses, even those out of our price range, just to be sure the one we wanted was the best for us.	1	1
I love this service, a client had referred me and i havent been disappointed yet.	2	1
The customer service here was top notch.	2	1
I thought that was a pretty good price.\nFair price.	1	1
They have just about everything you need for repairs around the house and provide great service as well as good prices.From faucet to window screen repairs they always do a good job.	2	1
They have just about everything you need for repairs around the house and provide great service as well as good prices.From faucet to window screen repairs they always do a good job.	1	1
Their prices are very reasonable.	1	1
I needed some scanning done and was very happy with the customer service.	2	1
Prices are very reasonable as well.	1	1
After we narrowed down the brand and model he offered the best price I could find for the guitar.	1	1
The customer service and care we received today was fantastic.	2	1
The workers had great customer service.	2	1
Their prices are reasonable and their sales are phenomenal!	1	1
Customer service is the absolute best! They totally rock!	2	1
I am so pleased with my purchases through Appliance Warehouse! James was so helpful and the prices were GREAT!	1	1
To my luck my bf LOVED the watch I picked out so he didnt have to exchange it, but I am glad I covered all my bases just in case! Thanks again for the great customer service!	2	1
Been shopping here for many years and always come home with a bag full of treasures at really good prices!!	1	1
Also has lots of different juice choices and juice sampling! Super fair prices.	1	1
Custom cover and all! We both agree that the customer service here is superb.	2	1
Love this liquor store! Best customer service and great selection! I will drive 20 -30 min to go here anytime I need something!	2	1
Didn't get eyes checked here so I can't comment on their optician, but I did deal with two fellas here while purchasing and picking up and both were totally awesome and focused on great customer service.	2	1
In a world of shoddy customer service the good folks at Ace Hardware in Youngston\/Sun City are a pleasant breath of fresh air.	2	1
Thank you for this top notch customer service experience!  Definitely would recommend this pharmacy to any one!	2	1
I paid a fair price and they held up their end, impressively at that.	1	1
They have unique, one of a kind designs at great prices.	1	1
The quality, craftsmanship and customer service are unparalleled.	2	1
The service is always exceptional and the products I want are always in stock.	2	1
I honestly only come to this location because of how great the customer service is.	2	1
She wouldn't take no for an answer on paying his money back.\n\nThis is just amazing service, and I am now a loyal customer!	2	1
Affordable prices for waxing and facials.	1	1
Great customer service and great selection!	2	1
Edgar, thank you for your fast, friendly and professional service!	2	1
Great value and service.	2	1
Great glass pieces at great prices, plus detox drinks (that work!) and some pretty cool swag.	1	1
Fantastic Customer Service !  Looking forward to returning for my tennis needs.	2	1
Had super fantastic customer service today that outshines my negative experience at the Bath and Body in PV mall.	2	1
The customer service representatives were helpful and kind.	2	1
I had great service at the store today.	2	1
I have only had great customer service at this store.	2	1
Service is top flight.	2	1
I am completely satisfied with the level of service that was provided to me and felt very comfortable asking him for the help I needed.	2	1
They have a very helpful and kind staff, beautiful product, and five star customer service.	2	1
Their customer service is next level and I kind of wish I could just come hang out here whenever I'm bored.	2	1
I have been in this locations a couple times, they have always provided excellent service.	2	1
Corey the customer service rep took it apart at the counter, replaced a couple parts and had me out of the store in less than 20 minutes.	2	1
They understand the importance of service	2	1
Best prices in the valley.	1	1
His knowledge made me very comfortable and I would highly recommend his services to anybody looking for watch or jewelry repair.	2	1
Both had great customer service!!!	2	1
The items are pricey but are one of a kind.	1	1
Great customer service, we've bought a bunch of stuff with Summer.	2	1
They are so well stocked with supplies and new and used gear, all reasonably priced.	1	1
The customer service is great and now that they carry vintage comic books and cards there's even more amazing stuff to shop for!	2	1
They have earned my loyalty with great service and good prices.	2	1
Been a regular here since December 2015 because Jordan is consistent with great customer service and always recommends what's best for my needs.	2	1
The customer service is always excellent in person or if you just call with a quick question.	2	1
The customer service I received today from Kelly was awesome! If only this wonderful service was found everywhere, I'd be thrilled.	2	1
If you have something to sell they will give you a fair price.	1	1
I will be using his services in the future.	2	1
The prices are more than reasonable.	1	1
My review here is actually more for the antique lamp repair and restoration work I received by one of their vendors - Sonny is great! Wonderful attention to detail and more than fair prices!	1	1
In terms of quality, service, and their variety of stones and price points, they are spot on.	2	1
Customer service was great, very attentive.	2	1
Besides the magic, the guys doing flips, a bevy of magicians assistants, comedy relief by the Maestro of Magic, there's the live soundtrack, with guitars performed by Del Cheetah, and overall the show rocks and is worth the price of admission.	1	1
Fantastic service from the time we walked in the front door until they walked out of our home; pool table set up.	2	1
Excellent Service by Tanner and Jeffrey on the set-up (they know what they are doing).	2	1
Price is also below competition.	1	1
The wheelchair rental is only $37 and change for a week! Great price, and the chair is easy to use.	1	1
The service here is phenomenal every time I step in I feel like I'm at home.	2	1
Tennessee gave me the best service! I went in with my friend and she helped me get exactly what I wanted! I'm definitely coming back	2	1
Excellent customer service.	2	1
very pleased with their service i realize at first they had some problems they need to work out but now service tech.	2	1
Great customer service, very informative, and helpful.	2	1
Love these guys, always happy helpful service, great juices and hardware, and the new location at 115 Queen st east is really spiffy, I spent an hour trying new flavours and went home with some tasty 416 and a new ego one mega, now I'm a real happy vapor!!!	2	1
I appreciate their very fair prices especially for such high quality and specialized esoteric items very much.	1	1
The price was very reasonable and the customer service was excellent.	1	1
Best prices, excellent customer service, don't listen to the bad reviews, this place is awesome.	1	1
Best service, best return policy, best selection and prices in the area.	1	1
Her prices are very realistic!	1	1
These are not the typically overpriced, touristy timepieces you see in Vegas.	1	1
Prices are better at Sportsman's.	1	1
The prices he mentioned for both services are reasonable and even a littrile less then I've seen at other shops in town.	1	1
Across the board, prices are very fair and I noticed some downright bargains while perusing.	1	1
Very happy with the service! My phone would not boot up, and they were able to fix it quickly and at a good price.	1	1
They are also very reasonably priced! People are so nice.	1	1
Good prices and nice selection for a small shop.	1	1
Everything was completed in a timely manner and their prices are fair.	1	1
There are soo many products in this place and they are all reasonably priced.	1	1
This is a great store to just hang out in, and they have great merch and good prices.	1	1
Their prices were fantastic compared to the big chain stores.	1	1
Quick accurate diagnosis at a very reasonable price!	1	1
Sales on top of amazing prices.\n2.	1	1
Also he will get you the best price possible.	1	1
\n\nThe prices are great, as all of my purchased were new pieces.	1	1
Great inventory, fair prices, and friendly service.	1	1
The prices are reasonable and they are open to scheduling delivery for you.	1	1
Sure you'll pay a premium price but well worth it.	1	1
Mike offered me the best price I was able to find anywhere and replaced the watch battery for free when it died the following year.	1	1
Their prices are very reasonable and you know you are getting what you pay for!  What I am always amazed at too is that months will go by before I have a reason to go back there, yet they know my name and make me feel like family.	1	1
The prices were reasonable co side ring you are looking g at some pretty amazing stuff! The staff was really friendly and even took some pics with me! Def will come back next time I'm in town :)	1	1
My new work shoes are extremely comfortable, my feet hardly hurt at all anymore, and they were on sale at a very reasonable price.	1	1
If you are looking for a good price for a firearm check these guys out.	1	1
The owners are very helpful and will make sure that you find everything that you need at a reasonable price.	1	1
Her prices are great too! Make sure you check out her store, you won't regret it!	1	1
Price was also reasonable.	1	1
Prices are fantastic and the consignment is very good quality.\n6.	1	1
They have a great selection at great prices.	1	1
The prices are reasonable compared to other similar stores, and you can get a punch card for $10 store credit after a certain amount of purchases.	1	1
After an exhaustive search I stumbled upon 2BMod and was so pleasantly surprised to see a large selection of the stuff I found on the other two websites at even better prices.	1	1
Good prices and lots of Greeting cards for one dollar.	1	1
And the prices are fair for what you get.	1	1
Store was full of high quality items at great prices.	1	1
Prices better than Leslie's.	1	1
The store is filled with beautiful clothing and accessories at a very reasonable price.	1	1
This was 100% wrong and against their policy of matching prices.	1	1
JRs is a fair price for beautiful mulch.	1	1
We will be making more trips here as there is no reason to look elsewhere between the service, price and quality.	1	1
The price is very reasonable for my almose sister locs that requires latching and takes about 3 hours to complete.	1	1
Prices are great too so I can keep making changes without worrying about breaking the bank.	1	1
Worth the price.	1	1
The jewelry is high quality and competitively priced.	1	1
I was absolutely amazed by the service from All Occasion Floral in Scottsdale.	2	1
Amazing service, and incredible bouquet of flowers.	2	1
This locally owned shop is definitely above and beyond any experience, service or product you could receive from FTD florists!	2	1
Very good selection and stellar service!	2	1
This store was amazing they are fast and friendly and Erica was absolutely fantastic when it comes to everything tmobile and her customer service was top notch.	2	1
Excellent customer service from fitter.	2	1
Great service very knowledgable staff great experience all around love these guys..	2	1
Customer service is on point; staff is extremely helpful and knowledgable and really made me feel comfortable about my purchase.	2	1
Awesome people, Great Service, They fixed my cellphone case for just $0.00 and on the spot.	2	1
Thanks Alan and Rhianan for such a great service!!!	2	1
Im a big supporter of trying to shop local over big national chains whenever possible, especially if im getting a good product and good service.	2	1
They are quick with their service, if I order by 5:00, I will always get my order the next day (unless it is a Friday and then I will get it first thing on Monday).	2	1
My wife was thrilled with the jewelry and the service each time we came in.	2	1
Colin the technician was awesome and I would definitely recommend this company for the employees, ease of purchase and overall customer service.	2	1
I was pleasantly surprised to find they had a good selection at a lower price than I had expected, and the service was excellent.	2	1
Friendly service and a clean store.	2	1
Amazing service and so extremely helpful!	2	1
It's this kind of customer service that will encourage me to go there again for any of my vaping needs.	2	1
Great service and friendly staff!	2	1
I have long assumed that corporately owned mainstream retailers don't have much heart when it comes to relationships with customers\/customer service, etc.	2	1
The service here was phenomenal!	2	1
I just left her and had the most superb customer service with Lisa and her husband, I absolutely love how unique the store is how helpful they were, they would move furniture next to each other from other areas in the big store in order to see if I liked it together.	2	1
I've never had better customer service than Jon.	2	1
However I was blown away by the amazing service the incredible amount of knowledge known about that products and the overall welcoming environment.	2	1
Great customer service! I recently bought a ring from overseas, and needed someone to examine the quality and authenticity of the gem.	2	1
Love this place!  Lots of lamps to choose from and prices are reasonable.	1	1
I found their prices reasonable and the selection well curated with something for all budgets.	1	1
There is something for everyone, very reasonable prices and well crafted designs.	1	1
Phenomenal equipment, great prices, expert assistance, and top-notch customer service.	1	1
With her help, I found the PERFECT frames at an extremely reasonable price.	1	1
Beautiful dresses at beautiful prices.	1	1
No pressure, and reasonable prices for delivery and other items.	1	1
Prices were super fair, and I felt better in purchasing here than through other avenues for second hand or pre-owned.	1	1
I love it here! Great finds, amazing prices and friendly staff! One of a kind outfits too:)	1	1
A few other people also came by but, just like me, were unable to get service.	2	0
No one wants to take responsibility and I'm out 500$ \n\nHorrible customer service and untrained staff.	2	0
This place may have great items but watch out for customer service.....it sucks!	2	0
It's sad for the business owners because they leave their business in the hands of people that don't really care about customer service or to actually sell.	2	0
It's also very hard to get any service here when you are standing at the pickup counter and not looking into the display cases, looking like a new $ALE.	2	0
This is absolutely the worst customer service ever.	2	0
text":"Very high prices, $25.00 for a t shirt alot of things they sold are over priced and there cashiers are not that friendly	1	0
The price for these pictures was $338.97! I do not recommend that you trust this service.	1	0
As usual in any Walmart, there was no customer service rep to be found UNTIL they have a reason to be rude to you.	2	0
 I think each time I have bought a pair of eyeglasses, I have been getting progressively worse service.	2	0
That is how horrible their customer service is.	2	0
Worst customer service I've experienced, Catherine needs to be ran off, I don't recommend using this particular location, others may be better.	2	0
The worst service ever!\nIt was a disaster right from the beginning.	2	0
 The worst customer service I have ever had to deal with.	2	0
Poor poor customer service I will not be going back again ever I prefer Fry's Pharmacy on 43rd Ave n Bethany Hm.	2	0
This store is always empty, tbad service explains why.	2	0
This customer service is awful!!	2	0
After that, their customer service is gone.	2	0
 As well prices are astronomical compared to other optical shops.	1	0
 Really high priced I understand jerseys are at least $90 but some of the jerseys you can find online for less, rude and unhelpful service, I was going in one day and asked if anything WNT jerseys was on sale, the employee in the rudest was possible replied.	1	0
 very very poor customer service for average work thats extremely over priced.	2	0
 very very poor customer service for average work thats extremely over priced.	1	0
 The pushy sales staff continues to aggressively upsell and obfuscate their ridiculous prices (the other reviewers have experienced similar situations), so that it's impossible to shop within budget.	1	0
 The pricess are ridiculous for what she gives you.	1	0
 It looks like they get cheap Chinese products and sell them at high prices.	1	0
 I frequent pawn shops and this place had some of the highest prices I've ever seen and I live in Scottsdale.	1	0
 text":"This negative review hinges entirely on price.	1	0
 text":"Overpriced, overpriced and overpriced.	1	0
 Placement of items don't make sense, terrible prices, misleading coupons, extremely rude staff yelling at customers.	1	0
 text":"Garbage service and overpriced crap.	1	0
 Terrible work at ridiculously inflated prices.	1	0
 Never go here again the entire staff here will judge you simply by your colour worst service ever don't waste your time here its worth the drive to go to the Chinook location where the girls aren't on a power trip.	2	0
 text":"Absolutely sucks! The worst customer service in the entire world.	2	0
 text":"Customer service is very lacking.	2	0
 Terrible customer service.	2	0
 Of course there is no return or exchange policy, so I'm stuck with this overpriced piece of shit charger that barely works when I need it to.	1	0
 text":"Ridiculous prices for microscopic portions; even with groupon it didn't make sense.	1	0
  They're overpriced with the items they have in stock.	1	0
 The last three times I've used this store, my glasses have been overpriced, delivered late, and no one seems to care.	1	0
 Overpriced and terrible customer service.	1	0
 Everything is way overpriced.	1	0
 Purchased expensive furniture, as did my sister who had new babies arriving.	1	0
 Very expensive gag gift.	1	0
 This meant that we had to pay for (again), extremely expensive alterations for each dress.	1	0
 text":"Some nice stuff but quite overpriced.	1	0
 Expensive prices for a tattoo's that hasn't lasted two weeks.	1	0
 this place is over priced dont shop here there are wayy better places close by	1	0
 Completely overpriced goods and not worth the negative shopping experience.	1	0
 First of all it is very overpriced.	1	0
 The prices are no longer low.	1	0
Oh and by the way? Their contacts are overpriced.	1	0
 Prices were all wrong.	1	0
 text":"Over-priced, mom-and-pop shop with no clue about customer service or the value of repeat customers..	1	0
 The lady at the store told us that many customers come and complain that FO has higher prices and they are never able to do anything about it.	1	0
Overpriced compared to other outlets, the Guyanese manager has and attitude and is ugly, very negative aura of that place.	1	0
Very Overpriced! I have NO idea how this grocery store is still in business.	1	0
Not only is the quality of their stuff poor but it's outrageously priced.	1	0
 This place is also way overpriced and their henna is blotchy...lighter\/darker in some areas.	1	0
Artists are amazing but the prices are absolute robbery!   Went on Vacation for a little keepsake tattoo with a friend.	1	0
 As I looked around the store I realized that most of what they sell is overpriced junk.	1	0
 This store is packed with overpriced cheap looking decor.	1	0
 Ridiculously over-priced! The store was extremely crowded and the merchandise was unorganized.	1	0
 The price was, in my opinion, ridiculous for what I had done.	1	0
 Prices are rediculouse, a pair of Samsung 25R batteries runs over $40 and that is before tax.	1	0
 This place is so overpriced I'd be surprised if they have returning customers.	1	0
  Their prices are outrageous, service mediocre, plans change often, sometimes given incorrect information (especially concerning hotspot, insurance, and directv), and on top of all of that I have to wait.	1	0
 The prices were not anything to get excited about.	1	0
 Not to mention prices that don't seem competitive with anyone...	1	0
 this is a over priced salon trying to be swanky.	1	0
 This optician is MAKING A KILLING on his shockingly high prices.	1	0
 It is over crowded with stuff and overpriced.	1	0
 Prices are higher than other smoke shops.	1	0
 The prices are twice as much as others (but I had to spend the groupon I'd bought).	1	0
 Guy charges crazy prices for everything.	1	0
 Over priced....under stocked.....do yourself a favour and go to walmart.	1	0
 Looked at some baby items and noticed the prices were very high.	1	0
 Service really lacks here and the prices are crazy high!!!!  Big fail.	1	0
 I think they are grossly overpriced and their staff is hit and miss.	1	0
 Massively over-priced thin glass, pre-busted vaporizer pen with no return policy, novelty rigs with fake names on them, shirts with huge holes and multiple other cases from my friends who gave this place the same chance.	1	0
 The quality is terrible and the prices are higher.	1	0
 They have one person working & they are overpriced & lazy.	1	0
 Poor customer service plus overpriced products (not the best selections either).	1	0
 Plus they are over priced.	1	0
 They are much more expensive than the other shops.	1	0
 I recently purchased a very expensive Mikaela wedding gown from Marah's Elegant Bridal.	1	0
 They most likely do good work but are way too slow and expensive.	1	0
 However, the clearance prices and sale prices were still expensive, and the coupon policy for multiple coupons is misleading.	1	0
  Excessively expensive for what the final product turned out to be.	1	0
 Very expensive and some unusual membership stipulations.	1	0
 Most expensive high priced pawn shop in the area.	1	0
 Total rip off and defiantly over priced.	1	0
 Extremely overpriced juice and hardware compared to competition in Arizona.	1	0
  First of all, price increases very quickly, hidden fees, $19 per week inventory maintenance fee and also a $9 per week service charge?	1	0
 Lastly, the prices were not great for an outlet store.	1	0
 The prices are more expensive than you can source elsewhere.	1	0
 Prices are insane.	1	0
 They allowed an unauthorized buyer to purchase \"on account\" charged $230 for 1 box of ink, which is a complete rip off, no other company sells this product at such a high price.	1	0
 The price increased 77 percent since my last refill 90 days ago.	1	0
 All big pieces overpriced and unrealistic.	1	0
 Prices were ridiculous, before the vape tax went into affect.	1	0
 Awful prices! Employees will follow you.	1	0
 Overpriced Linens, it's actually cheaper to buy cloth linen and throw them out then to get roped into a long term contract with them.	1	0
 terrible quality for the price.	1	0
 Now that I'm sure Duclos will never send me the figure I tried to buy it elsewhere and the price has risen by about 300%.	1	0
 This shop is extremely over priced.	1	0
 Ridiculous prices for disposable materials.	1	0
 The prices can be a bit high sometimes but everything is in excellent shape because they are very selective and don't take in anything broken, damaged or dirty and there is always LOTS to look at.	1	0
  Price was presented after shirt was done.	1	0
 Plus they sell wanna be harbor freight gear but for double the price.	1	0
 High prices, cheap material and horrible customer service.	1	0
 This place is awful, their prices are too high and they have terrible customer service.	1	0
 Bad haircuts overpriced.	1	0
 Go to bodybuilding.com and GNC will price match more than likely.	1	0
 High prices for cheap quality goods.	1	0
 Price may rise if they determine laptop needs more parts.	1	0
 Store isn't well organized and some items are overpriced.	1	0
 The taxidermy was weak and over priced, I did not see very much of interest at all.	1	0
 And I thought Value Village was pricey! I'd rather go there, at least things are sorted better and selection is wider.	1	0
  When I didn't seem that interested in buying a pretty expensive book that was sealed and I couldn't look at, he got annoyed and walked inside.	1	0
 It was so expensive and he was so rude when calling to fix the issue.	1	0
 We didn't expect any deals as the flowers are very expensive there.	1	0
This is a horrible company to buy flowers from and have zero customer service.	2	0
The absolute worst customer service ever!!!!	2	0
Horrible customer service, cheaply made attire & ridiculous prices.	2	0
The customer service is the WORST when you have a problem and they don't make any accommodations or exceptions.	2	0
Customer service is a nightmare to say the least.	2	0
 Customer service was less than impressive.	2	0
Extremely unprofessional service and I doubt I will be going back to Sears anytime soon.	2	0
Horrible customer service, VERY nasty staff.	2	0
Absolutely horrible customer service.	2	0
Very bad customer service and management	2	0
it was overpriced,  unprofessional services,  not friendly woner, low quality jewelry sold to high price, clints r misinformed , woner doesn't take ownership of there mistakes, rude woner named Ian.	2	0
However,  He was rude n unprofessional with his service.	2	0
Worse service ever !	2	0
Every year, the prices steadily rise for less services rendered.	2	0
While I was interested in a couple items I decided that the poor service and manners and pretentious attitude of this store did not deserve my business.	2	0
 But it was only because they chose not to do so with their extremely poor customer service.	2	0
 \n\nThis store has no sense of customer service, and is not transparent with their charges.	2	0
All of us are biologically women and were shocked to receive such horrible service from such a well known store for its quality and taste.	2	0
May I recommend some sensitivity training followed by some customer service training since clearly both of these had been missed.	2	0
He was more judgmental of my lack of knowledge in memory cards than actually helping me, so I say one-star store with a one-star customer service.	2	0
Poor customer service, owing to incompetent front office--and failure to supervise.	2	0
I cant say enough about the non existent customer service since I got locked into a CONTRACT with them.	2	0
Second of all, their service is terrible and  a waste of my time and money.	2	0
I received terrible customer service at this location.	2	0
Customer service not so good.	2	0
 Whatever method you use, they will blame your selection for the slow service at the pharmacy.	2	0
Terrible customer service and not helpful at all.	2	0
Well, I will tell you one thing, I most certainly will not settle for this kind of attitude, disrespect and poor service.	2	0
Terrible customer service.	2	0
Horrible customer service and rude when you ask them something.	2	0
She has the worst customer service skills on the planet.	2	0
Poor poor service at this shoppers pharmacy.	2	0
Lack of Customer Service alone should scare You Away.	2	0
The customer service is AWFUL!	2	0
The customer service was horrible and the associate\/manager kept getting an attitude with me because I would not allow her to hold my phone to look at my online receipt she stated that she needed the receipt number which I read out loud to her but she insisted that she couldn't do the exchange if she couldn't hold my phone after getting smart multiple times she proceeded to exchange my items with no receipt number or without holding my phone which tells me that she could of did that in the first place and that she was just giving me a hard time.	2	0
I will never shop at this location again poor customer service should never be acceptable	2	0
You go back for a follow up and their customer service is a NIGHTMARE.	2	0
Absolutely awful service from some of the laziest employees ever.	2	0
Horrible customer service!!	2	0
They have awesome sales and lots of goodies, but their horrible customer service takes away any sort of positive experience.	2	0
The delivery customer service was an absolute nightmare.	2	0
 I could not believe the service here!	2	0
 This is how they settle their issues and how their customer service operates.	2	0
This tiny little grossly overpriced snobby housewares boutique has terrible customer service.	2	0
Poor service.	2	0
WORST customer service ever.	2	0
My poor service started when I spoke to the center over the phone the day before.	2	0
After 20 minutes of looking at desks and then finally deciding on one we still had not seen one customer service rep.	2	0
The customer service I received is beyond horrific.	2	0
Terrible terrible customer service.	2	0
Horrible customer service and I'm 100% confident they do not care.	2	0
The service is terrible, and a lot of their flowers are either already brown and wilted or will get there as soon as you bring them home.	2	0
It is just not the same level of professional pharmacy and pharmacist service and care as their competitors.	2	0
 \n\nThis place has absolutely no regard for customer service.	2	0
If I could give this place a zero star, I would!\nThe worst costumer service ever.	2	0
Sad that they let someone with no customer service experience open up a smoke shop.	2	0
 The store has a major problem in its customer service and communication.	2	0
 It charges high-end prices, but gives worse service than IKEA.	2	0
 I definitely won't recommend that place because of it's poor customer service.	2	0
Manager \"Rebecca\" extremely bad customer service in this store (Leon's Scarbough Toronto location).	2	0
also i feel the service is not good.	2	0
SO, bad service for sure, bad return policy, bad management, how can you believe leons in the future.	2	0
It was a really terrible customer service experience that made me look pretty bad on Valentine's Day.	2	0
 Poor customer service and I don't think I will be getting this mattress and will be contacting Teambuy for a refund.	2	0
Worse customer service EVER.	2	0
The worst customer service and apparently not knowledgeable as well.	2	0
This is the worst, the pharmacy has one tech short heavier gentlemen very rude, no customer service.	2	0
The service here was terrible especially the employees.	2	0
Customer services have not been train to do their job.	2	0
The customer service was unbelievably bad and they absolutely ruined my weekend.	2	0
This is as crappy of service as the other Walgreens.	2	0
They even blamed her for not washing it properly! Very poor customer service.	2	0
Golda's Kitchen does not merit one star, their customer service is beyond poor.	2	0
The service is just bad.	2	0
The worst customer service ever and a total con-artist\/scam.	2	0
They have the worst customer service I have ever encountered and I have been with  Bell and Rogers.	2	0
Pathetic customer service and false promises.	2	0
Very poor customer service.	2	0
 Customer service is non existent.	2	0
 Great service and amazingly speedy timing.	2	1
 Super friendly and priced very well.	1	1
My husband and I had our destination wedding in Vegas with both our bachelorette and bachelor parties the night before and we told Mike what we were looking to do and he had everything organized for us at reasonable prices.	1	1
Great Service and Pricing.	2	1
The customer service is great.	2	1
  the price was just what they quoted me and totally, totally worth it.	1	1
 Best customer service and professionalism.	2	1
The prices are very reasonable and you are very well taken care of here.	1	1
Great service frank and I'll be sure to let the guys at the fire station know who to call.	2	1
 Their prices are beyond reasonable and I wouldn't trust my technology issues with any other company.	1	1
Price wise they were very reasonable.	1	1
 Her customer service is exceptional.	2	1
Records Reduction provides a great service.	2	1
 I was very happy with his service and would definitely hire him again.	2	1
 They are honest, fair, give the best price in town and their product is amazing.	1	1
The price was very reasonable, and Lindsay delivered the most amazing resume.	1	1
The hosts were awesome, tables were reasonably priced, and we were always walked right in past the usually heinous lines.	1	1
The money and customer service makes sense.	2	1
Helpful staff, quick service, and open on a Sunday afternoon.	2	1
Every time I call I am blown away with how great their service is.	2	1
Any service I hire in behalf of a client or service I refer to a client, comes back as a reflection on me.	2	1
 There are sooo many unique items and great discounted prices.	1	1
Also, customer service was excellent.	2	1
He is a great resource for home and business computer systems and reasonably priced.	1	1
It actually was a great service, he was really patient while I explained my dad over the phone how to text me a picture of the keys.	2	1
I can recommend this service.	2	1
Have used Paul's for years and have not only received excellent and courteous service but also after checking around the valley have found they offer the best prices.	2	1
Have used Paul's for years and have not only received excellent and courteous service but also after checking around the valley have found they offer the best prices.	1	1
We got a great price on our laminate flooring.	1	1
Overall, this company gave me great customer service and was very professional every step of the way.	2	1
I have no doubt that anyone hiring Nick at Blue Truck Window Cleaning will be ecstatic over the great service he provides.	2	1
 I received Fernando's contact information as a referral from a family member who used and loved their service.	2	1
They were friendly, helped with my need for quick process service and even had a form on hand that I forgot to send them.	2	1
I will most definitely have 360 Precision Cleaning in to take care of many needs I may have for cleaning, maid service for a party, changing decor,	2	1
We have used Cashman photo for parties photos, engagement photos, wedding photos, and photo shoots for children's albums and they were amazing and the most reasonably priced around.	1	1
I not only recommend their DVD products, but customer service is great and also if we ever needed any video production done these would be the the guys to do it!	2	1
  Fast, friendly, knowledgeable, professional and very pleasant service all around, 10 out of 5 stars!	2	1
 Excellent experience both times and the prices are great!	1	1
Incredible service.	2	1
 The quality of printing was great, the price was reasonable, and the order was done in a day's time!	1	1
The price is also great given quality of his work.	1	1
I would absolutely recommend their services to anyone in need.	2	1
  I recommend your services to anyone needing quality production and an eye for detail.	2	1
Every person who came to our house was exceptional as far as customer service skills etc.	2	1
The windows looks amazing and all at a fair price...	1	1
I'll definitely be using his services again!	2	1
I have utilized their services on several occasions with nothing but the best results.	2	1
Every time I have gotten fast and friendly customer service with top notch efficiency!	2	1
Great consumer-oriented service!	2	1
The service was again impeccable, and the results again perfect.	2	1
If it isn't 5 star, then you're not getting the best service out there.	2	1
Service was great, prices were very reasonable, and I was in and out in less than an hour.	2	1
Service was great, prices were very reasonable, and I was in and out in less than an hour.	1	1
I am 1000% (yep - one thousand percent) pleased with the services I have received from Tonia and David Enevoldsen at the Family Law Guys.	2	1
Great service from a dedicated, competent, trustworthy process server.	2	1
Great service...quick and knew what they were doing.	2	1
 Good communicators and the price was reasonable.	1	1
Working with Rick was easy and I would recommend his services all day!	2	1
Service was impeccable.	2	1
Green Clean Arizona is made up of wonderful, hard working people who are trying to bring a valued service to the community.	2	1
Very good service.	2	1
Amazing professionalism and service.	2	1
Marcus is an exceptional professional who is willing to do what it takes to ensure you are satisfied with the service.	2	1
I have already requested another service to assist with other rooms in our house and will continue to recommend them!	2	1
Great service provided by professional people.	2	1
  Great service and awesome prices!	2	1
  Great service and awesome prices!	1	1
Hands down the best carpet service I have used.	2	1
Great and quick service!	2	1
We are so pleased with the service from making the appointment, arrival time of the service people to the final product.	2	1
I would highly recommend this firm and we will definitely use their services again!	2	1
We own businesses in Charlotte, we have never had a problem with them-they offer great customer service and truly care to get the job done.	2	1
Reliable, affordable, quality service!	2	1
  Marcus was able to schedule an appointment quickly, was on-time, and provided quality service cleaning the carpet for one room.	2	1
 I will definitely schedule future carpet cleaning with Mr G's cleaning services!	2	1
His prices are reasonable and his work is quality.	1	1
He called me the next day any gave me an awesome price!	1	1
The shop uses high materials and the right technique at a great price.	1	1
Always provides great service and is always available to help!	2	1
Lee provided an excellent customer service and was very professional from the start.	2	1
The staff were all very courteous, and the price quoted was exactly what we were charged.	1	1
The service men worked quickly and carefully.	2	1
They have excellent customer service.	2	1
Wonderful top notch service, replaced old carpets in my new home.	2	1
Wright timely and with fair price was able to do it all.	1	1
The customer service was great, and the cards were gorgeous.	2	1
I love this company, great materials and great service.	2	1
Awesome customer service and have only used them since we opened our business.	2	1
This is the best service that I have ever received!	2	1
Considering the quality of his job and the price, I did not hesitate to give him 5 stars.	1	1
They have some beautiful people employed with wonderful customer service skills.	2	1
 Great service, quick turn around time (mine took around 3 days) and awesome resume writing!	2	1
 Owner, Jeff has been instrumental in connecting us with the best resources as far the different technology vendors and how to negotiate the best prices.	1	1
Working with David to get the graphic design for our truck feet was fast, stress free and by far the most reasonable price in town!	1	1
Really amazing work, and best prices.	1	1
Great service and the owner Fernando is always friendly his guys are great and my carpets always look beautiful after they clean it!	2	1
Loved the service quick efficient courteous and on time.	2	1
Excellent service overall, and we will definitely be calling again in the future!	2	1
I've been using them for over 7 years and I'm very pleased with their services.	2	1
They are very reliable, professional, reasonable with prices, fast turn around and personal staff make it a pleasure for me to order all my business shirts\/sweaters\/hats\/backpacks year over year.	1	1
Graphic Ideals constantly comes through for me, they have amazing customer service (Lena) and the quality is fantastic.	2	1
the service was great, everything went smooth and they hooked us up with the best tables in the club!	2	1
Your service was well worth every penny!	2	1
 I found Richard to be real professional, who did quality work at a reasonable price.	1	1
I would highly recommend his services.	2	1
Had my taxes done here by Nichelle Williams great service.	2	1
Very quick and professional service.	2	1
I am very pleased with the customer service of Zerorez.	2	1
The prices were reasonable and they were willing to work with us and our budget without a struggle, which was nice because we were working on a smaller scale than most.	1	1
Excellent frame job at a reasonable price and terrific customer service.	1	1
 I think that's excellent customer service and would go back for any future jobs.	2	1
 They do a great job and have very good prices!	1	1
They aren't the cheapest but their price is fair and their work is some of the best I have come across.	1	1
Highly recommend using their service.	2	1
The service is top notch and helped guide me for what I needed.	2	1
  Highly recommended and we will use his services again.	2	1
Thanks again for the great service.	2	1
Love the service and the prices.	2	1
Love the service and the prices.	1	1
They do a really thorough job at affordable prices.	1	1
Great customer service.	2	1
I recommend this group to everyone I can who needs a professional tax service.	2	1
Great job guys and thank you for your amazing service!	2	1
 His prices are very reasonable and accepts payment plans if you do not have all of the funds up front.	1	1
This service was great!	2	1
I used Pesticon a few times and each time they provided great service.	2	1
 They are super knowledgeable and provide the best customer service!	2	1
Jackson Hewitt was A1 tome their price to file my taxes was reasonable I got to get return back so I'm happy	1	1
 The price was incredibly fair.	1	1
Fast, professional, friendly and very reasonably priced--- great experience in every way!	1	1
Kaleb is Professional & Precise and very satisfied with Charlene's customer service,  overall Great Quality, Great work, and Great price - definitely recommend Under Wraps.	1	1
Overall I am pleased with the service and support I received.	2	1
I highly recommend his services.	2	1
 Amazing customer service and they did an amazing job!	2	1
Thankfully I was very happy with the level of service at PMSAZ Bail Bonds.	2	1
I appreciate that type of customer service.	2	1
Excellent price, quick service and great communication.	2	1
Excellent price, quick service and great communication.	1	1
 Was very impressed with the service and the setup on the SKI.	2	1
Their prices are hard to beat and they offer many good services.	2	1
Their prices are hard to beat and they offer many good services - I love the new edge color they offer and for a reasonable price.	1	1
I truly appreciate his hard-work and he is very reasonably priced which means I am able to use him more frequently!	1	1
I shopped around and they had the best price.	1	1
In all sincerity, I highly recommend his service.	2	1
 For a VERY reasonable price, the business film stands for an investment in an excellent marketing tool that can be used and enjoyed for years to come.	1	1
John and his team produce an exceptional quality product at a competitive price and ALWAYS meet their deadlines!	1	1
 They never cease to amaze me with a top notch product at a very fair price.	1	1
 Their customer service is great and I always have confidence that the final result will be just what I wanted.	2	1
I would most definitely use Britney's services again if the need arose.	2	1
I've been meaning to write this review a lot sooner because of the incredible service I was provided.	2	1
Also, the price was extremely reasonable.	1	1
Have used them multiple times to do super hard to find rare odds and ends pieces and they've always done it top notch and fair prices for what you get.	1	1
 It is worth the price tag to actually meet.	1	1
Price was best I found for the services.	1	1
This company is quick at responding to inquiries and gave me an excellent price on the pins I was looking for.	1	1
Great price and great service.	1	1
 We always use them for our home, they have prices that are amazing, and they do an amazing job of cleaning my carpets.	1	1
An excellent service with caring staff, and very reasonable price.	1	1
The prices here are very generous.	1	1
His prices are fair and he doesn't push repairs that you don't need.	1	1
He has always been quick, fairly priced, efficient, and clean in his work.	1	1
All of this at a very fair price.	1	1
Nick was flexible, quick to respond and very fairly priced.	1	1
 he is dedicated to problem solving and diagnosing your problem and is very reasonably priced.	1	1
Donata was the sales manager and worked with my budget and ensured that i got every single thing that i wanted with a great price.	1	1
He quickly diagnosed our issue and fixed in a few minutes at a more than reasonable price.	1	1
They offer some of the most unique cards I have ever seen for great prices and a wonderful turn around time 	1	1
Very reasonable price.	1	1
If you are interested in quality decals (indoor, outdoor, auto, etc.) for a reasonable price...	1	1
Best service for a reasonable price.	1	1
 They produced an excellent product (see pic), in an insanely-fast turnaround time, and for a fantastic price.	1	1
He returned my call in a timely manner, he was courteous, and his prices were reasonable.	1	1
He offered to strip it off for me and quoted me the best price out of all the other cleaners I contacted.	1	1
 Thank you Advanced Litigation - Got me through a tough time -  Reasonable prices and very professional.	1	1
They are the real deal at an attractive price.	1	1
If you are looking for the best price, move on.	1	1
Great customer service, fast response, affordable prices.	1	1
And on top she was very reasonably priced.	1	1
The prices were very fair and well below what others quoted, yet the quality of work and customer service was outstanding.	1	1
Their prices are very reasonable and great.	1	1
Their work is thorough and impressive, all at an affordable price.	1	1
Is best quality work and  good price for business sign with light.	1	1
 The price is great and I received my cards much faster then I expected.	1	1
 I was very pleased and the knowledge i received is well worth the price he was offering.	1	1
Their prices are very reasonable and the quality is good.	1	1
 The prices are fair especially for the service, fast and friendly.	1	1
We communicated back and forth via text message, I sent him a picture he gave me a very reasonable price and showed up first thing the next morning to trim my palm tree.	1	1
Great price and great inspection.	1	1
 They are fairly priced and upfront about all costs.	1	1
Great work, very fair price and excellent clean up.	1	1
 Bill gave us great prices, (less than half of the next closest bid) and Bill and Donny worked with us to get the exact look we wanted.	1	1
Not only did they educate me throughout the process and a take a very meticulous approach to retouching, but they charged a very reasonable price and delivered on the final product.	1	1
Amazing service, great response time, & the prices are the best.	1	1
 Gave was quality shirts for a wonderful price.	1	1
Awesome job at a great price!	1	1
 always been professional, on time and best of all, super reasonably priced.	1	1
 Great prices and I highly recommend them!	1	1
 The price was fair and the job was handled professionally.	1	1
They provided fast turnaround and they offer their products at fair prices.	1	1
 He quoted my wife and I a very reasonable price to get our Plasma TV to turn on and STAY on.	1	1
 Very please with the final product and the prices were reasonable!	1	1
they were so bad service and kind so fishy..	2	0
Terrible customer service.	2	0
 Bad attitude and customer service.	2	0
Please Please, save your money.	1	0
Good luck, and don't waste your money on camera ticket long distance legal advice.	1	0
There customer service is on the bottom of the barrel.	2	0
HORRIBLE customer service.	2	0
 Shocking service, terrible customer relations and what's even grander than that is, his receptionist doesn't even know who he is!	2	0
 Thank goodness I am not relying on Windstream to work from home or I would be losing money.	1	0
 The customer service is awful and this may also give you the impression that you are getting ripped off.	2	0
 I was really disappointed in the service I received with this company.	2	0
I had also arranged a pick up for a party bus to pick us up and it arrived late and was extremely over priced.	1	0
Worst service ever.	2	0
Very disappointed in thier lack of customer service.	2	0
  I haven't received anything and there's NO customer service and NOONE owns your problems.	2	0
I've contacted them multiple times to get a quote and have my sign fixed but I get no returned calls, missed appointments, we get a different quote every time, the WORSE service EVER.	2	0
I have use 4 Color Print for years but ever since they moved out of California, it seems like they have lowered their quality and customer service.	2	0
I am a designer with over 25 years of experience and I have NEVER had such horrible customer service and completely botched jobs as I have recently.	2	0
We have yet to get this resolved or repaired with the owner of Onsite Concrete Specialist.I just don't know how they stay in business with this kind of workmanship and lousy customer service.	2	0
Haircut was decent but lacked customer service and safety.	2	0
 Save your money and aggravation and use a different company.	1	0
Over priced, terrible photos and the cheapest possible quality pictures.	1	0
Went back and forth with a manager on emails trying to apologize we for the horrendous service.	2	0
 Be very cautious with Square Feat, bad service and contract scams .	2	0
Horrible service and completely underhanded.	2	0
Crappy service horrid pricing.	2	0
 Horrible company, horrible customer service.	2	0
worst service you could possibly have..	2	0
After 2 years of poor service I decided to cancel the plan last month and talked to them and they agreed to do so in a 1 month period of time and gave me a confirmation number.	2	0
Terribly over priced, should have known better shame on me.	1	0
Ridiculous, apparently they just recently changed thier name which makes them more expensive.	1	0
Although you have to buy special labels for postage is is still much cheaper than the grossly overpriced red ink that you must buy from PB.	1	0
 The customer service is horrible and the response times are non-existent.	2	0
Customer services is cold and rude.	2	0
 Their products are beautiful, but super expensive, and they take forever.	1	0
On top of that, the customer service is awful.	2	0
If I could rate negative stars on their customer service I would, because it's the worst customer service I've ever received.	2	0
  WORST SERVICE AND SUPPORT EVER!	2	0
No explanation, but still expected to pay this outrageous price - and that's the DISCOUNT.	1	0
  They claim to have great prices but would not come to my house to do carpets and vents as my home is only 1200 sq feet.	1	0
The worst ever company- worst than third world services!	2	0
The only company in Canada worse than Rogers Communications for inferior products, unreliable service, extortionate prices and abominable customer service has to be Bell.	2	0
The only company in Canada worse than Rogers Communications for inferior products, unreliable service, extortionate prices and abominable customer service has to be Bell.	1	0
If you use this service you are a fool.	2	0
Don't put any trust in their services .	2	0
The service they provide is not worth the money at all.	2	0
I do not recommend this service.	2	0
Definitely not good customer service.	2	0
Super poor customer service.	2	0
Worst customer service I've ever seen.	2	0
Bell is a terrible company and this store has terrible customer service, but really no poorer of service than any other Bell experiences I have had in my life.	2	0
 Expensive per month leases and useless product.	1	0
Worst customer service.	2	0
 Their customer service is Terrible when you want to change seasonal scents.	2	0
 Not very good service, indeed.	2	0
TERRIBLE customer service.	2	0
I've never had such poor customer service!	2	0
I just experienced the WORST management customer service I have come across.	2	0
WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE.	2	0
 This is terrible service, and particularly worse and even more disturbing is that my parents are in their 80's!	2	0
The worse customer service in the country.	2	0
Needless to say, the level of customer service is disappointing.	2	0
The most horrible service, they never answer there phone, they shipped late and had difficulty with the proofs, I had for priority shipping and the gift cards never arrived.	2	0
Labor and taxes are another costly expense that makes it difficult to pay the bills.	1	0
I recently took over as GM at a couple of gyms and as part of shaving costs seen this expensive product needed to go.	1	0
Worst customer service I have experienced in my life !	2	0
  I signed up in September with a new contract and the service is terrible, and not to mention overpriced !	1	0
Bell Canada is the worst service provider I have ever dealt with.	2	0
This company by far has the worst customer service I have ever experienced!	2	0
We were constantly met with rude service and no results.	2	0
We will be protecting other people against their horrible service by spreading the word about this terrible company.	2	0
  I was not pleased with the service not would I ever recommend anyone to you...	2	0
Worst temp service I've had experience with.	2	0
Simple questions get you rude answers, horrible service, and their product is no where near being worth the absolute nightmare you endure in getting it.	2	0
i cancelled all services with Bell a while ago.	2	0
I do not recommend this service to anyone.	2	0
Just another casualty of terrible customer service and handling by Bell.	2	0
Terrible service I applied for jobs no one ever reached out.	2	0
The service was bad when I called and emailed and at the location when I went to pick up there these two dirty looking, I don't know what to call them.	2	0
Horrible customer service- I won't be back to this location!	2	0
Overall very poor experience, Cox is lucky they have a monopoly on cable internet in Arizona or I highly doubt anyone would deal with their consistently poor customer service and sky high prices they are known for making even higher on a regular basis.	2	0
They simply do not care if you are unhappy with your service.	2	0
Truly the WORST customer service I have ever experienced, wish Verizon would stop associating with these people, very unprofessional, often had blaring vulgar rap music playing throughout the store.	2	0
 Poor customer service!	2	0
NOT closed but yes, worst customer service ever.	2	0
RUDE CUSTOMER SERVICE	2	0
The customer service was rude and hard to deal with.	2	0
Awful customer service from Stacy.	2	0
The services is terrible my WiFi barely worked.	2	0
I would not recommend this service if you don't want someone trying to take advantage of you.	2	0
 This was the worst customer service I've ever received and I intended to spread my experience and treatment we received.	2	0
Horrible service,  waiting for him for two hours then decided to tell me he could not find the address.	2	0
Truly bad service and I had to clean up after them.	2	0
In summary, if you are a small business owner that's looking for someone you can count on to help you keep your books and don't want to pay for poor service, then I would just keep looking and avoid this place like the plague.	2	0
Poor customer service would actually work out, we got no customer service.	2	0
But his business practices and customer service are HORRIBLE.	2	0
Lack of costumer service and rude loud ppl.	2	0
 Blue Diamond has TERRIBLE business practices, awful communication and extremely poor customer service skills.	2	0
 They are very sneaky and I would highly recommend NOT to use their services!	2	0
Worst customer service I've ever had to deal with.	2	0
I had bad experiences with the service on Mississauga store.	2	0
Customer service is horrible.	2	0
 You can't fix poor customer service and ignorance with money.	2	0
This simple failed service put others health at risk.	2	0
 AT&T your customer service stinks!	2	0
This was  an expensive system (4400 sq. foot home), and at one point the manager told us that we shouldn't complain since \"we were being monitored\"!	1	0
Fine with but not 200 for each main very expensive beware.	1	0
This service was the worst possible option we could have chosen.	2	0
 Worst is CUSTOMER service says they can't help.	2	0
Absolute worst customer service EVER.	2	0
Summary	2	0
It's a shame and I feel sorry for companies that utilize ultimate staffing services.	2	0
The worst, most unprofessional \"service\".	2	0
 It's terrible business practice and is really bad service for any potential customers.	2	0
The worst part is the service was scheduled only to clean the kitchen floor and one bathroom the day before we are hosting a party.	2	0
Poor customer service will be looking for someone who can actually produce what I'm looking for	2	0
I go to this location to pawn some expensive designer wallets that have been gifted to me over the years, which I myself picked out from Neiman Marcus.	1	0
Unethical & lousy customer service.	2	0
He showed us a sample of the exact material we want but declared that it would be way more expensive.	1	0
 I am extremely disappointed with the lack of results that came with a very expensive price tag.	1	0
 The Owner had also mentioned to me that the higher cost for preparing my taxes this year is because they have to pay for their expensive computer tax program.	1	0
Now that did include an MRI which was more expensive than the MRI I had done at the hospital BEFORE my accident happened.	1	0
Dumb, unprofessional, rude and too expensive to bear with is all about what they do.	1	0
Consumer beware, not only are they expensive, they take your money and don't help or communicate.	1	0
 Unfortunately, expecting a professional who knew what they were doing, I ended up with an amateur with an expensive camera.	1	0
 My daughter had purchased an expensive bottle of cleaner ($10 for a spray bottle the size of Fantastic) for her new laminate floors.	1	0
Outrageously expensive!	1	0
I learned that Alyssa's backend work was messy and dated, and more importantly, that she was using premium, very expensive plug-ins that, without a maintenance plan, would have eventually stopped working.	1	0
Cons	1	0
he seems so competent then he plays games and acts like he cant remember what his job\/objective is it was a expensive lesson so I feel obligated to tell others.	1	0
Waste of money and time.	1	0
 So after 10 months- time, money, energy all wasted on empty promises.	1	0
 Waste of time and money thanks for nothing.	1	0
Venture Pest Control is a complete waste of money.	1	0
 After 5 mins of waiting in an empty barber shop I was tired of wasting my money and time with these guys, so I left.	1	0
So at the end of the day, I lost money.	1	0
 This is the most expensive Goodwill I have ever been to!	1	0
Expensive for a bad haircut.	1	0
  DO NOT waste your money.	1	0
 save your money and hire someone else!	1	0
 maybe I'll return the phone and just pay the restocking fee and go to Verizon more expensive but hey they have good network.	1	0
Basically a very expensive booty call service.	1	0
 However, they tend to hire some of the most expensive contractors whose performance is on par with more reasonable contractors.	1	0
 They were not willing to pay for a banner company to create a banner for my my event same day, saying it was too expensive bc of being expedited.	1	0
When I explained that I had already spoken with several other matchmakers in the city that were to expensive her response was well we have a variety of options available for people on low budgets.	1	0
I explained I wasn't willing to spend nearly 4 hours (in transit and consultation) to go to their office which isn't very conveniently located if it was going to be super expensive and would prefer to discuss my needs and pricing over the phone.	1	0
Very expensive closing costs.	1	0
Then after I pay for the equipment and reluctantly agree to their outrageously expensive monitoring, then they tell me that I'm locked into a 3 year contract.	1	0
 Insanely expensive, not reasonable at all!	1	0
We had thought about going with a more expensive highly rate videographer, but could not afford them.	1	0
Even now I am sitting in my hot car waiting for him to show up so I can pick up my expensive paperweight.	1	0
He is extremely slow to act, very expensive and delivered no results.	1	0
Your cheap deal was expensive for me	1	0
I thought that was very expensive.	1	0
  I bought my daughter a very expensive designer dress for a formal dance at her school.	1	0
 Some of the furniture I had them move was brand new, solid wood, and expensive.	1	0
  I was informed that i needed to purchase an expensive photo shoot to be eligible for bookings with their clients.	1	0
Brown is the most expensive attorney on the planet.	1	0
he also told me that Kohler parts were VERY expensive.	1	0
Why? This shit is super expensive!	1	0
It is also very expensive for what you get.	1	0
 I will say that the individual unbranded website, CRM and other functions in the dashboard are robust--but they're expensive.	1	0
 it was very expensive and i didn't even get to see them.	1	0
My mom signed up for the very expensive membership and hasn't even gotten a courtesy call let alone a date.	1	0
They were expensive and difficult to work with.	1	0
 In the mean time, the spa was delivered and placed on my lawn and when the CE employees needed to move it, they used their shovels as levers to fulcrum the spa, obviously not taking care with this very expensive piece of equipment.	1	0
 They were the most expensive of our bids, however, we were assured that was because of their higher quality.	1	0
 Very expensive and very poor quality.	1	0
More expensive and lesser warranty period than the apple store.	1	0
Who in the world live for 10.00  or 12.00 per hour when living cause is very expensive.	1	0
Buying into this was a very expensive mistake on my part - look carefully before you leap.	1	0
They were expensive too.	1	0
Which, is more expensive than what I bought my phone for!	1	0
They do sloppy work, they're expensive, and the leaders of the firm are total bs'ers.	1	0
 Very expensive for what little work was done.	1	0
Their customer service is horrible, they make you jump through hoops to cancel their expensive service.	1	0
All he does is push classes and expensive photo sessions!	1	0
absolute the worst service provider.....the most expensive, more expensive than Bell and Rogers.	1	0
 For all of the horribleness of their service they are also the most expensive provider charging me over $90 a month.	1	0
 I'm sorry I had to learn such an expensive lesson.	1	0
The chair is quite expensive, which made us a little suspect of Levi's motives, so we went online and, both fortunately and unfortunately, Levi Ferrin posts photographs of the contents of your home so we literally found a photograph of our chair in his storage unit!	1	0
Poor costumer service and super expensive!	1	0
Finally we hired another lawyer who worked with her and got the matter resolved, but it was long and painful and ridiculously expensive.	1	0
 This has to be the most expensive website of its kind.	1	0
He does his work in more time-consuming and expensive way.	1	0
Expensive, poor performance and service.	1	0
Listing was overpriced and on remote websites, 2 months later I still have this car and am lowering the price to get leads.	1	0
After paying for the most expensive room, (she was given the smallest) for only a week or so, she was returned to the hospital with broken bones, and a shaved head.	1	0
Well I listed it at the price he recommended and got absolutely zero calls because it was about $2000 overpriced.	1	0
They got payed and I got very expensive  lesson	1	0
I refuse to buy any other water pipes or pieces from there because of them being overpriced for the pieces of crap they are.	1	0
Sign up for this event is very expensive and parents sometimes needs time to think and take decisions.	1	0
Most overpriced store in existence.	1	0
All the employees are hipsters, and the prices are outrageous because they think because it's \"retro\" it's worth more.	1	0
If you want to pay outrageous prices and support this BS go right ahead.	1	0
Not to mention, they force you to go with their overpriced photographers and comp cards so they get their commission.	1	0
All I can say as a negative is, it is a fairly expensive clinic.	1	1
 Conscientious, helpful, quick service.	2	1
I must say they provide one of the best customer service I have had in a doctor's office.	2	1
 Jason is the nicest customer service rep I have ever talked to.	2	1
Before I even stepped foot into this practice, I already had a wonderful sense of the customer service and love that Patty and Dr.	2	1
Davey and his staff are very friendly and I would recommend Dermatique to anyone looking for the services he and his office provides as well as for an overall skin wellness examination.	2	1
No complaints and pleased with the service.	2	1
Been there twice so far with 2 more appointments booked and so far I'm very happy with the service	2	1
I am very pleased with the level of professionalism and customer service I received here.	2	1
They have a great selection at a reasonable price.	1	1
 Looking forward to learning more about them and their services.	2	1
Great prices on their eyewear and exceptional customer service.	2	1
I have had several reasonably priced laser treatments at this office over the past year and have been very pleasantly surprised with the results.	1	1
She got out models from three different manufacturers, starting with the lowest price first, explaining what each one would do and not do.	1	1
What great service at this location	2	1
She is a wonderful employee and a great asset for customer service.	2	1
The service and treatment I received was good.	2	1
Billing is always accurate and fair.	1	1
Amazing service, caring staff and immediate appointments.	2	1
I love the service and the staff.	2	1
Really liked the quick service when the doctor asked for testing.	2	1
Eich has the most patients in Tempe, but that doesn't stop the office from being quick, reliable, and giving great service.	2	1
This location has the best customer service, I had an contact eye exam on Saturday,  from the minute I walk in the girl Dina made me feel welcome,  she answer all my question without hesitation.	2	1
 The service is phenomenal I really experience a genuine care from Dr Jerian	2	1
Ho and Nurse Britt for their great service.	2	1
We highly recommend his services.	2	1
The receptionist and doctor were beyond friendly, the service was quick, and at $80 it was a reasonable price.	1	1
I recommend this optical establishment to anyone who is looking for great service and a reasonable price, I've been coming here for a long time and I wouldn't trade going anywhere else	1	1
Their pricing is fair compared to the other clinics we researched as well.	1	1
Very good service.	2	1
I'm super happy with the service and treatment received from this clinic.	2	1
I highly recommend coming here first to see how amazing their service is.	2	1
 Each allotment of time is worth money.	1	1
I give you all 5 stars on costumer service 	2	1
  I'll also add that for the time spent, he is very reasonably priced as well.	1	1
Thankfully I have no allergies so I don't have to return, however, between my 2 visits, I received awesome customer service by everyone I dealt with here- especially by Dr.	2	1
Excellent service except Dr.Gupta is the only cardiologist at this location.	2	1
Sussman was recommended to us and we will definitely recommend his services in the future to friends and family.	2	1
  Extremely happy with her service, and i look forward to seeing her more.	2	1
The price was $150 plus tax which I find very reasonable.	1	1
I'm not sure what my results will be but I am very happy with the service I received from this centre	2	1
Doctors and service here are top-notch.	2	1
I really appreciate there high level of professional service.	2	1
Wolfson is beyond your expectations of what quality service, compassion and skill is.	2	1
Taylor based on my mom's recommendation and I'm extremely happy with the service I have received at these offices.	2	1
Herion was very honest and told me to save my money this year and possibly get new lenses next year.	1	1
If you want quality service, he's worth every cent.	2	1
The service was amazing.	2	1
Summerlin Foot & Ankle, besides giving great professional service, is very customer service oriented.	2	1
Customer service was great and the dr I had was friendly with a great attitude.	2	1
What a wonderful resource to the community at a really affordable price	1	1
Awesome customer service, amazing techs.	2	1
I highly recommend her services\/office.	2	1
Cohen and staff can not be beat for service, quality of care and patient satisfaction.	2	1
 He is a winner in my book and clearly I'd highly recommend his services to anyone seeking a great dermatologist.	2	1
If you want good service you will wait and if the waiting room is full,  then that should tell you something.	2	1
She has amazing designer glasses at designer prices.	1	1
Well worth all the money, and ten times more useful than anything my insurance covers for conventional-only medicine.	1	1
 I've been coming here for Hydrafacials for years and cannot begin to express how happy I am with their services.	2	1
  I appreciate such great customer service from the eye technicians to the front desk staff.	2	1
Great service from everyone every single time.	2	1
Excellent Surgeon, and Staff deliver high quality healthcare services in a professional office.	2	1
The staff continues to try their best to provide the best service possible.	2	1
P3 Medical Group Pecos was very clean and the service was wonderful.	2	1
I was extremely pleased with the service.	2	1
 Prices are affordable too	1	1
Always in awe of the professional service that I receive here - something one rarely sees now a days and I highly recommend seeing them.	2	1
  Always great service, always great care	2	1
Holy cow- can we just talk about the best customer service? I called today and spoke with the receptionist and she was so kind.	2	1
 Prices are affordable too	1	1
 Prices were great and my surgery went better than I expected.	1	1
The place is clean (VERY important to me in a medical place), reasonably priced, and the entire staff are friendly and always cheerful.	1	1
I would recommend there services to all	2	1
Lanfranchi so worth your time and money is the fact that he ONLY works on faces, so he's a pro when it comes to making them look amazing.	1	1
 I prefer when dealing with your eyes that you go to a qualified center then the cheapest.	1	1
I would recommend this place to anyone in need of their services.	2	1
The price is friendly and I came back second time, was not disappointed coming back either, she had everything done with confidence and easy.	1	1
Their location was a little bit out of the way for me, but the service, professionalism and cleanliness was well worth the drive.	2	1
Two of many specific examples of excellent patient service are that the doctor is willing to see me on an upcoming Saturday for post surgery follow up appt.	2	1
Lipshutz, Isaac Tunnell and staff for Your excellent service all these years.	2	1
Wonderful customer service, education, help with every need I had.	2	1
Excellent medical service.	2	1
 The service there is amazing	2	1
 I love the cleanliness, friendly staff, and and quick service.	2	1
They definitely have the best prices in town and the most talented staff.	1	1
Thank you for the great service, attitudes, smiles, and efficiency in doing your jobs	2	1
 Great service, affordable & she met all of my needs while making me feel comfortable and well-informed about the process.	2	1
I cannot say enough kind words about this place they did my glasses next day and the customer service is amazing I got great follow up care and information from Karen & Eric	2	1
That is definitely customer service at its best.	2	1
She also has the best prices in town, and helps you with obtaining special discounts and promotional pricing from the various products she offers.	1	1
I'm very happy with the service I received in the Fairview Park office.	2	1
They have pretty good prices at that coffee bar, as well as a great sense of style.	1	1
Friendly, professional, quick service.	2	1
They provided friendly and exceptional customer service, gave me a great price, and on top of all that, our x-rays now look amazing	1	1
Her staff is friendly and provide excellent customer service.	2	1
I am impressed with Dr Singel for the excellent professional service and treatment I have received.	2	1
Lastly, the office staff is also to be commended for outstanding service	2	1
I will definitely be returning for more services	2	1
Thank God for this amazing Health Services practice	2	1
 They listen to me and provide excellent quality service.	2	1
The customer service here is wonderful, and all the girls working, from the front desk to the laser techs, to the doctor, are all so, so pleasant	2	1
Eckart and can highly recommend her services.	2	1
This company will try to make sure everything is ok wit your experience  great customer service	2	1
Excellent service & great results.	2	1
I don't regret for one minute the time, money and effort we have put in to seeing her and following her instructions.	1	1
Great customer service and communication.	2	1
 Both the Doctor, Roger Fontes, MD and the rehab center provided excellent service.	2	1
Incredibly professional staff, excellent service and product.	2	1
 I've had nothing but great service and results.	2	1
Received great service from everyone there.	2	1
 He was very happy with the service provided.	2	1
Was very pleased with their efficiency and service.	2	1
Appointment was right on time and the services were professional.	2	1
 Price was pretty reasonable, it's all cash pay or financing available.	1	1
The care and service my girls have received is top notch.	2	1
GREAT service,,GREAT people who really care.	2	1
The price is definitely doable.	1	1
 The fee is worth the service you receive.	2	1
Very happy with her service, will be back for my touch up.	2	1
Leon is right up there with the very best Scottsdale offers, and AMAZING prices.	1	1
  She is amazing,  her prices are very reasonable and her work is good quality work	1	1
I would highly recommend Cory Health Services.	2	1
Which again apppreciated because it saves time and money.	1	1
Great service and super clean facility.	2	1
 Very fair and professional.	1	1
 They have the best team and customer service	2	1
Fabulous results, amazing service, friendly and knowledgeable staff	2	1
Best and fastest tattoo removal you can get and affordable price.	1	1
Always excellent, prompt, professional, friendly service.	2	1
  I highly recommend his services.	2	1
Best money I ever spent	1	1
 Her prices are very reasonable and she makes her own all natural skincare products in -house.	1	1
 Fantastic client service on phone and in person.	2	1
Their customer service is outstanding.	2	1
 Just book the 3 sessions, it'll save you money and time and you won't regret it	1	1
The customer service was friendly and sweet, she educated me on the root problem so I know how to actively treat it and even referred me to cheaper places to purchase things.	2	1
Just went for my first visit today after some outstanding customer service got me in last minute.	2	1
She brings a great service at a great price.	2	1
She brings a great service at a great price.	1	1
He is reasonably priced and he and his wife, Pauline, are true healers.	1	1
 His prices were already very reasonable and I booked him right away	1	1
 very professional, helpful, prices very reasonable, give you options, don't try to push one choice	1	1
The pricing is very fair compared to other places.	1	1
 The staff is very friendly and efficient, the prices very fair.	1	1
The artists are friendly and talented and the prices are reasonable.	1	1
Got a great cut,for a good price and excellent service.	1	1
And the price they charge is rather reasonable.	1	1
 He was hands down my favorite, long before I discovered his prices are also very reasonable.	1	1
I had side burn laser with char , she's very nice n friendly n so professional the place was very nice n clean I will definitely go back again for my other hair removal, I also noticed she doing permanent eye tattoos too, I will go to her when I need mine touch up, her price was very reasonable, thank you char	1	1
Rossio does great work, their prices are reasonable and they have been nothing but professional.	1	1
 It's only $20.00 and I believe it's worth the price.	1	1
You get so much done including an adjustment for a cheap price.	1	1
Price was very reasonable and they offer financing if you need it.	1	1
Parke gives, the prices are reasonable.	1	1
Then again there is no price worth hiking.	1	1
I just wish renewal prices were reasonable.	1	1
They make you feel good and save you money; what's not to love	1	1
 Make an appointment, it's worth the time and money just to have a physician that will listen to you as that seems to be a rarity these days.	1	1
Also very reasonably priced.	1	1
He also tries to save you money in any way shape or form.	1	1
The prices are reasonable and Dr.	1	1
 Care was great and his price was reasonable.	1	1
Finally, the costs of the procedures are fair and  reasonable.	1	1
Baker genuinely cares about each of his patients, and will not recommend anything that could be a waste of time and money.	1	1
Fast movers with fair and reasonable price	1	1
 Absolutely worth  the money.	1	1
They are also reasonably priced with your first visit costing $65 and each additional costing around $50.	1	1
They are conservative in their treatments and prices are fair.	1	1
The prices here are reasonable and it is clear that he is competent and easy to get along with.	1	1
Well worth the money in my view for those of us with busy schedules.	1	1
The price was reasonable.	1	1
He also runs a reasonably priced massage school.	1	1
His prices are amazing and the service is top notch and it is not timed as most physio's that are $70 per half hour.	1	1
For what you get the prices are very reasonable I can't thank them or recommend them enough.	1	1
Dr Villares has great prices and would prefer to care for patients who can't normally afford plastic surgery than over charge and take money from	1	1
They work hard to give you great care and do it for the best price	1	1
I guess the new thing is to buy cheap frames online, but I think glasses are worth more time and money than just uploading a picture of your face and sending it along.	1	1
Price and his staff are unbelievably awesome	1	1
The B12 shots are reasonably priced.	1	1
Price has a very calm reassuring demeanor (one could almost say laid-back) and was able to treat me twice.	1	1
Price is great, and I'm happy I saw him.	1	1
The product is worth the money in itsel.	1	1
Amazing new location with a friendly staff and awesome prices.	1	1
Staff is smart, they work together and the result is quality glasses for a great price.	1	1
Also, the price is fantastic.	1	1
 may save you time and money	1	1
They have the LOWEST prices than any other place I've seen.	1	1
Professional, considerate, excellent care and the price was very good.	1	1
I came to them for their weight loss program which is reasonably priced and they give you everything you need to be successful.	1	1
The prices are very affordable, as well.	1	1
Place is very good workers are helpful good prices and sneakers are made strong went to other places for diabetes shoes and they fell apart after 6 months	1	1
The prices are the best in town and the results are amazing.	1	1
 This is a great find with great prices.	1	1
They even did our EKG and Echo is the office, saving us time and money.	1	1
To us the price was fair, we out it on our care credit, remember don't think you can get the 60 month option from care credit.	1	1
I would go back as not only was I very well looked after it was also the cheapest place I have found in las vegas.	1	1
Next ordered ConnectorClip - Retested my ears - spent inordinate amount of time making sure all reprogrammed & connected and worked well and charged me a very fair and reasonable price for the total of 4 visits.	1	1
His prices are worth it.	1	1
 Great place, great staff, great results, and great prices.	1	1
I came here because I hurt my knee and we are currently between insurances; Urgently Ortho is priced extremely fair given that you are seeing an actual orthopedic surgeon and not just a PA at some other urgent care.	1	1
 The price was very reasonable and I knew my results were going to be great.	1	1
Front desk receptionist needs a lesson in customer service.	2	0
Sadly, an entire waste of time and money.	1	0
I'm amazed at their poor customer service.	2	0
  I phoned her back only to be told no apology, no I am sorry, no customer service skills whatsoever.	2	0
From a customer service stand point, worst I've ever seen.	2	0
We have been through treatment, and now the follow ups, and I must say that the service in his office is horrendous.	2	0
 Not only was I disappointed about the price, but the sale associate was rude and didn't care about what had happened.	1	0
We saw the same product in Carolina's mall in sears Optical's at a way lower price point.	1	0
I also liked that they weren't shy that they provide abortion services.	2	0
I greatly admire doctors who provide abortion services and I admire the ones who don't mind hiding that they provide this procedure.	2	0
What a joke this place is worst customer service and lack of professionalism by this doctor raj!	2	0
When I wouldn't ask my elderly parents to pay for the expensive treatment she wasn't happy.	1	0
I indicated that this is poor customer service and poor patient care.	2	0
If that doctor has awful wait times and horrible service, patients will leave.	2	0
Horrible service, poorly managed operation with too much time spent on operation table.	2	0
I warn everyone to save your money and  go to a normal doctor thy cares and will work with you.	1	0
Call back or anything, once they have your money, you're on your own.	1	0
About a year later things looked fogy and dim I could no longer read thinking I needed glasses and now a waste of money for these lenses.	1	0
For the extra amount of money I spent for these lenses it was a waste of money as well as very poor service from a doctor who doesn't bother to take the time with each patient to really explain things before he hurries off to see another patient.	2	0
For the extra amount of money I spent for these lenses it was a waste of money as well as very poor service from a doctor who doesn't bother to take the time with each patient to really explain things before he hurries off to see another patient.	1	0
I have to say I'm highly disappointed in the services I received here.	2	0
Very bad services and inconsiderate!	2	0
Very disappointed that I have to change doctor due to the poor staff services!	2	0
Don't waste your time or money here.	1	0
Great on setting apts however extremely expensive & IF YOU DO NOT follow their orders & do all 3 injections in each set they will not refill prescriptions for you.	1	0
Trupin's service was remarkably rude, impersonal, tactless, and wholly without care of a miserable shred of the patient's well being neither during the procedure nor after.	2	0
I feel traumatized by her lousy service and inexistent care for patients.	2	0
Poor service, billing operations, and overall care.	2	0
 HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!	2	0
They do a comprehensive and very expensive drug screen that my insurance doesn't cover the cost because of the frequency .	1	0
Worst service ever.	2	0
He focus is money, not recovery.	1	0
 Please people, keep your money!	1	0
Horrible service, had to make an appointment for my child at Beachwood pediatrics.	2	0
 This was the worst service and experience I have ever received!	2	0
Absolutely horrible service.	2	0
They refused to refund any money.	1	0
This time they refilled extremely expensive supplements I've never seen or taken in my life and NOT what I asked for.	1	0
  Chris (Christine) the alleged office manager has absolutely no customer service skills.	2	0
 I guess poor service starts with the doctors and runs rampant throughout the office.	2	0
They should be ashamed that they offer such poor service to women on such sensitive health issues.	2	0
Very horrible service don't recommend to anybody.	2	0
Bummer - great doctor terrible customer service.	2	0
Poor customer service and lengthy time to get results!	2	0
I will never return for any radiological services here at DR and do not recommend them.	2	0
I got my eyes checked, purchased one of their most expensive pair of glasses and paid for everything.	1	0
They are more worry about taking your money than taking care of the patient!	1	0
A waste of money.	1	0
 This visit was a waste of money and time.	1	0
NOT GREAT SERVICE not EVEN GOOD SERVICE to you or me.	2	0
Huge waste of money.	1	0
I was denied service by staff becuase it was work related injury.	2	0
It was a waste of money and on top of that, I have never had 1 follow up phone call from the office to see how the procedure went or how it progressed.	1	0
No customer service nor do they care to treat you with any proper bedside manner.	2	0
Don't waste your time (which the wait can be very long) or money going to this place	1	0
Terrible service.	2	0
 Don't waste your time or money!	1	0
The doctors are good, their glasses are good, but very expensive.	1	0
 You will waste your time and money.	1	0
It was worse, and came with a price tag of over $100.	1	0
Clearly the worst case of customer service i have ever seen.	2	0
 I wish we hadn't moved so I wouldn't have had to waste the time, and money to give me what resulted in a 4th grade education on the evils of corn, and it's effects on mid-west cattle.	1	0
I won't go somewhere that is only after money - no service and I won't be going back.	2	0
Their only concern is completing unnecessary, overpriced injections that make things worse.	1	0
 Wonder if she is aware of how many patients she probably looses a day due to poor customer service!	2	0
Absolutely terrible service, so unprofessional and very uncaring as to their patients needs.	2	0
It's unbelievable how you spend all your money you've saved for so many years, for a Doctor and staff that  simply irresponsible, Insensitive, and compassionate !	1	0
Save your time and money, go somewhere else.	1	0
 And for a company that doesn't even bother to call to see if I am OK nor offering an apology or refund, I leave it up to you to decide if you are going to waste your money and risk your health to go try this place out.	1	0
Unprofessional, they only want your money.	1	0
They only care about your money.	1	0
 I am amazed how such a lack of customer service is allowed with so much direct contact with customers.	2	0
I am WARNING you	1	0
She also takes 5-10 minutes to access a patient, which is ridiculous because it is quite expensive for an appointment!	1	0
He didn't help us, wanted us to buy his supplements when you can buy the same at Sprouts for much cheaper, and he was ridiculously expensive.	1	0
Do not trust this money grubber.	1	0
This is a total waste of my time and money to be told what to do by a pa.	1	0
Horrible Horrible Service!	2	0
Hands down the most ridiculous customer service of all time.	2	0
Terribly unreliable and bad service.	2	0
Absolutely ridiculous service, or lack there of.	2	0
I would have NEVER spent this money contracting someone unless they sold me.	1	0
Don't waste your money if you actually care about someone you're trying to help.	1	0
False advertising on website and poor customer service.	2	0
 Beware and don't give them your money!	1	0
This place has the worst customer service I've ever received.	2	0
I received poor service, received multiple calls to schedule appointments I had already schedule.	2	0
No testing, or anything that should require more money but they charged my insurance over $400.	1	0
Making me think about have Joe from channel 15 stop by and dig in on why they wont refund money for unused services.	1	0
I wanted to take him to court, but I had no money to get it done.	1	0
Overall for customer service I give it a 1 - need it improvement	2	0
HORRIBLE service.	2	0
Don't waist your time and don't waist your money like I did lose $850 they did eye lenses and didn't work for me at all, No Recommend This Doctor !	1	0
I've been sitting in a empty room for a hour now waiting on this doctor, really bad service today!	2	0
The service here is terrible.	2	0
Had they not been so terrible with customer service, maybe I would have waited a little longer.	2	0
Although the doctor may be okay, the customer service is terrible.	2	0
I have had really poor service from this group.	2	0
I know for a fact that even the staff think this particular doctor and general service level is pretty poor.	2	0
They are seriously overpriced and painful to work with.	1	0
Such a waste of time and money.	1	0
This place in it for the money not the people.	1	0
 I experienced horrible customer service at check-in when they asked for $160 before I'd be seen!	2	0
 Don't waste your time or money.	1	0
This is the worst service I've ever received.	2	0
And again, has cost me extened pain, hassle, work lost, money lost, and anxiety while trying to get treatment.	1	0
Awful customer service!	2	0
Hire more doctors or do something different because what you are doing is horrible customer service.	2	0
He agreed with me that the customer service was terrible, that it had been terrible for many months and said he already knew that CVC had a 2-star rating.	2	0
As time goes by, there is no customer service.	2	0
  Waste of time and money	1	0
 He wasn't worth the time or money.	1	0
So that was just a big waste of money.	1	0
Will not return money.	1	0
They have extremely high prices which saddened me as I later found out the wig the wanted me to buy at $4500 retailed elsewhere for only $2000.	1	0
Unprofessional money hungry excuse for someone who is supposed to care for you.	1	0
Save your money and avoid this location.	1	0
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY LIKE I DID!	1	0
 A waste of money in my case.	1	0
It's fraud and they are steeling money.	1	0
 What a total and painful waste of time and money.	1	0
As a 70 yo arthritus sufferer, I am impressed with the doctor I saw but dealing with the office staff is very frustrating, they are very lacking in in customer service skills.	2	0
Very disappointed in the level of service tonight.	2	0
WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!	2	0
 If you want to waist your time and money, go to Dr.	1	0
Avoid this place at all cost it has the worse service imaginable.	2	0
 save your money.	1	0
 I simply refuse to pay the high price of health care and be treated this way.	1	0
You spend way too much money and the service is pretty horrible.	2	0
You spend way too much money and the service is pretty horrible.	1	0
Worst medical and clinic service I've ever had.	2	0
Their customer service is the worst I have ever encountered.	2	0
This has been the worse customer service i have ever experienced.	2	0
Customer service is worst in this branch.	2	0
If I want to know the results of these very expensive tests, I have to schedule another $100 office visit.	1	0
Wasted my time and money repeatedly.	1	0
Unbelievable...how bad the service is..	2	0
Schmidt did a 5 minute exam, ordered the most expensive type of imaging, had another 5 minute appointment a week later where he told me the results came back normal, he didn't have any answers for why I was in pain and referred me to a different doctor.	1	0
Completely useless and a massive waste of time and money.	1	0
Save your money and go somewhere else	1	0
If are very poor customer service experience existed yet surgical outcome was excellent that would be one thing.	2	0
   Extremely bad service.	2	0
The customer service at this place is so bad that I recommend you not schedule an appointment here to avoid the stress it has caused me!	2	0
Over three years ago the dr recommended very very expensive blood work, after billing my insurance over 3k for an evaluation of the blood draw and the review of the results.	1	0
Worse costumer service of all time.	2	0
That's crappy customer service.	2	0
Front desk and staff rude with poor customer service skills had a 9 o'clock appointment and still waited entirely too long.	2	0
Worst customer service ever!	2	0
  Their customer service is also severely lacking and it took me over a month to get an appt.	2	0
The person who answers the phone name Rebecca has zero customer service!	2	0
The service is horrible there is a $3.00 fee for using a debit or credit card which was not explained to me over the phone and the reason that I'm scoring them this low.	2	0
 Not good customer service.	2	0
 Shitty place and shitty customer service!	2	0
What horrible customer service!	2	0
 Terrible customer service, this people are not well educated and have no idea to deal with patients at all.	2	0
What horrible scheduling service.	2	0
She gets a zero stars poor customer service I had a 11am appointment I arrived 45 min early for paper work only to wait three hours in a small over packed waiting room.	2	0
I received very poor service from The Pain Center, which actually caused more harm than good.	2	0
This is by far the worst service...	2	0
this clinic could do a lot more for people who need the help and regular docter are expensive...	1	0
 We have never been so embarrassed and would not recommend a place like that due to lack of customer service.	2	0
Mind you, my insurance paid them for visit #1 and visit #2, but yet they wanted more for the worse service ever.	2	0
MAN first of all worst service.	2	0
 Very poor customer service and even worse results.	2	0
 The service was extrememly slow also.	2	0
Poor customer service made for a bad experience, no consistency among Curaleaf stores, one store honors a deal and another doesn't different prices at each store is odd.	2	0
Then I asked him why their bud is so expensive and he continued to tell me how great their subpar product is.	1	0
Poor poor slow service today.	2	0
I have NEVER experienced such shaddy service in my life.	2	0
A high priced shoe store.	1	0
The service is very poor here.	2	0
Absolutely the worst customer service, they mix up appointment times.	2	0
I did a research for facial dark spot treatments at other places in Las Vegas and Utah and her prices were too high ...	1	0
Completely unacceptable customer service over my cholesterol medicine.	2	0
HORRIBLE customer service, I've never experienced anything like it.	2	0
Absolutely the worst service I have ever received.	2	0
 Then they try to sell you really expensive creams.	1	0
Expensive, rude with a total disregard for clients wishes.	1	0
He wrote me two prescriptions and a referral for an extremely expensive test.	1	0
One prescription is indeed not covered by my insurance, and far too expensive for me to gamble on.	1	0
We have now wasted 4 hours of the day on a very expensive wild goose chase.	1	0
and his place as a part of the UPMC empire, would have known the insurance wouldn't  cover his worthless, albeit mind bogglingly expensive, follow up visits.	1	0
They stacked her very expensive china on top of one another and broke several items.	1	0
Besides, you probably need an MRI, and that's really expensive, and then surgery.	1	0
They soaked me for 300 bucks and had me taking all their overpriced vitamins.	1	0
hearing assistance is a life changing experience and expensive.	1	0
just my need for a hearing aid and one of the most expensive and annually re-occuring costing ones at that.	1	0
I highly recommend you don't get into this trap of false promises and very expensive non FDA approved treatment center.	1	0
Horrible experience and expensive.	1	0
Patel Has no bed side manner and is very expensive.	1	0
I think all doctors should follow up personally when they order these expensive test.	1	0
Ever wonder why glasses are ungodly expensive  here? YouTube	1	0
The insanely high prices wouldn't be the worst of things if they at least took care of me after the sale.	1	0
After three visits and some very expensive prescriptions it was obvious my sons skin condition was misdiagnosed.	1	0
Roy gave me a wrong diagnosis, my insurance billed me for expensive unwanted lab tests.	1	0
Save your mental health by taking your money elsewhere.	1	0
Save your money.	1	0
& I went in to her office about 5 times for nothing, not to mention all the testing was super expensive!	1	0
The pharmacist wanted to verify I was going to be picking up the 3 drugs because they were extremely expensive.	1	0
I told her I wanted to know how much it was because I would not have wanted it if my part was too expensive.	1	0
Wagner is overpriced in comparison to others I have gone to.	1	0
 They offer a wide variety of services\/	2	1
Shop here for great service and pet products.	2	1
 I had a great experience and they provided strong service.	2	1
Everything came back looking great on my Shiba and the price was reasonable and on par for professional service.	2	1
Everything came back looking great on my Shiba and the price was reasonable and on par for professional service.	1	1
The right price to keep him coming back weekly and he'll even sanitized the  area!	1	1
Thank you Vicki for 2 great years of service!	2	1
  They are very reasonably priced too!	1	1
This is our go-to place for amazing service and caring for Alfie.	2	1
They were able to erase our worries and offer an affordable service for a mass removal on our dog's leg.	2	1
Excellent customer service, very knowledgeable, patient, affordable and above all caring your dog is not just a number in line like larger groomers treat them!	2	1
I worked with two other well known specialized vet practices over the years in Charlotte and hands down IVC has the most caring staff, the most compassionate and modern veterinary care, the best line of communication, and the fairest prices on service.	1	1
Nice big tubs to wash your dogs for a very fair price vs messy up your tub.	1	1
They were also the best price quote that I received of the 6 or so services that I called.	1	1
This is truly a remarkable service and individual (Dr.	2	1
The price is reasonable .	1	1
Also a fantastic price for coming to your house.	1	1
I am very thankful to have LA Pet Grooming in my neighborhood as they always provide excellent service and my little Cavalier Spaniel LOVES going there.	2	1
They have always treated us very well, the price is fair and they always seem to be right on schedule.	1	1
Price was reasonable and I was given a receipt 	1	1
Price was very reasonable.	1	1
I recommend you give her an opportunity to service your puppy.	2	1
A much needed service at a very reasonable price.	2	1
A much needed service at a very reasonable price.	1	1
 We highly recommend this service to anyone who owns a dog.	2	1
As a new client, I received excellent service at RYAH from the entire team of people I met there.	2	1
 Great customer service, communication and easy to book an appointment.	2	1
The prices are great but more importantly the service and peace of mind.	2	1
The prices are great but more importantly the service and peace of mind.	1	1
 The prices are fair and I have gotten grooming done next door and got cat accessories next door.	1	1
 All of the staff have a genuine interest in pets and helping people and the prices are pretty reasonable.	1	1
Got the desired bird feed at a very fair price.	1	1
I love the excellent service and highly recommend you try them.	2	1
 Not only do they do a great job for a reasonable price, but they are true dog lovers.	1	1
 Their prices are very fair and they are open most of the week.	1	1
Added bonus, the prices are quite reasonable, and as others mentioned, a discount is extended to repeat visitors.	1	1
& Anal glands all at my home in 2 hours & all for a very good price!	1	1
This place did a great job for a great price.	1	1
Their customer service was top notch.	2	1
 Prices were better than I expected for an in-home visit.	1	1
 I love that this service exists; bringing the veterinarian to my driveway is so helpful.	2	1
The personalized service is fantastic.	2	1
The prices were fair, the location is great, and my bashful bulldog survived the visit.	1	1
Great care at affordable prices is what you'll get with Encanto Mobile Veterinary Services.	1	1
My wife is happy with their service and seems our dog is as well.	2	1
Their customer service has always been prompt and efficient.	2	1
We love how easy and affordable the service is, and on top of that, I completely trust them to have our dog's best interest.	2	1
 The room was extremely clean, directions were awesome and price was right!	1	1
 We will be coming back to use all three services in the future!	2	1
They have birds dogs cats rabbits mice rat hamsters ferrets snakes and great service.	2	1
Great vet, they have been there for me when I needed them most with our 2 elderly dogs and reasonably priced.	1	1
 Above & beyond service and hospitality!	2	1
They are very well priced and I will be using them from now on.	1	1
 They did a thorough job and the price was really reasonable.	1	1
Cost was 1\/2 what I last spent at a big pet store and better job and faster service.	2	1
Definitely the best pet sitting service we have ever used.	2	1
 I HIGHLY recommend the services at Arrowhead Pooper Scoopers!	2	1
I love taking her to Dilworth Dog Grooming - I have referred 2 other doodles from the same breeder and they are also very happy with Chris's services.	2	1
I had to utilize their services again in January 2018 when my Charlie passed.	2	1
They had the best price on the pellets I've switched to feeding, and so I gave it another try starting about 7 months ago.	1	1
Pet friendly and very cheap prices!	1	1
 The added bonus is the treats are really priced well.	1	1
I don't know what we would do without her great services.	2	1
 What keeps me going back is that they have just about everything I need for my horse and for my pets at reasonable prices.	1	1
 They are reliable, trustworthy, and have affordable prices!	1	1
 It was a stressful time and I was under the gun to locate a reliable service.	2	1
Here prices are are reasonable and the shop is always in good (clean) order.	1	1
Prices are also really great.	1	1
Dr.Saram and his staff have by far given my pets the best care and service I've ever received from any veterinarians.	2	1
If you need to get your cat or dog vaccinated, checked-out for minor problems, tested, fixed, or anything else rather routine, PPC will save you a good amount of money while providing high quality service.	2	1
 They really care about your pet and customer services is above and beyond.	2	1
I would highly recommend her grooming services!	2	1
Being a New Yorker I expect the best service and I sure received it at West Hill.	2	1
Again things in NY are very expensive when it comes to animal care and West Hill is very reasonable for the service you get.	2	1
  Great selection, good prices, friendly service.	2	1
 Overall, the customer service and experience here are fantastic.	2	1
 He seems to love the play time he gets and I love having a service I can count on to take care of him.	2	1
Wonderful and personal service!	2	1
Suzanne's door-to-door raw pet food delivery service is fantastic!	2	1
The price is right and the manager is caring and loving towards your pet.	1	1
FPS is reasonably priced and puts out quality work.	1	1
I have used K-9 Games for both training and boarding for some years now and have been completely satisfied with both areas of service.	2	1
This place has some of the best customer service I've ever experienced.	2	1
 The offices and waiting room is always clean and you can't beat the prices :)	1	1
 They also bundled the visit with her annual visit since she was close to being due.) The exams are more thorough then any I've experienced, the waits are short, and the prices are incredibly reasonable.	1	1
I get my food here, which is so reasonably priced for the quality!	1	1
I have recommended their services to my daughter as well who is pregnant and could use their help with cleaning up after her dog.	2	1
She is knowledgeable, compassionate and very reasonably priced.	1	1
 And you can't beat it for the price.	1	1
Everyone is very friendly and the prices are reasonable.	1	1
Their kind fast service made his day better and his first experience at the groomers was a positive one.	2	1
The staff and the groomer were extremely helpful going over prices and services that best fit my pet.	2	1
I am definitely satisfied with the customer service me and my dog received so I will be going back!	2	1
they were reasonably priced and so nice to my pups.	1	1
 They provide great services in grooming and boarding, and today they just warmed my heart.	2	1
Very caring staff and reasonable prices.	1	1
Prices are amazing as well.	1	1
They offer a great delivery service.	2	1
The prices were pretty good.	1	1
Redman continues to provide great service, and education, we appreciate all her dedication to our  4H club.	2	1
 Highly recommend her service.	2	1
I was very satisfied with the service.	2	1
When this type of service is needed, I would highly recommend them to anyone.	2	1
We are so appreciative of your services, and highly recommend this veterinary hospital.	2	1
We have been VERY pleased with their service!	2	1
Very trustworthy and reliable service.	2	1
Super cute dog bakery in the Lake Norman area, and reasonably priced!	1	1
 Great customer service fast delivery and great products !	2	1
If money is no object hit up Western (10th ave), but if you're just looking for the best care and a reasonable price, Fishcreek Pet Hospital is where you need to be.	1	1
Jeff is professional, punctual, reliable, reasonably priced, and most importantly he does a great and thorough job with our dogs.	1	1
Their customer service is wonderful and I have never had any complaints about the haircuts.	2	1
Great service and good prices.	2	1
Great service and good prices.	1	1
 I've gone for a self serve dog wash and to pick up some treats and toys twice, and have been very impressed with the friendly service, reasonable prices, and great selection on both occasions!	2	1
 I've gone for a self serve dog wash and to pick up some treats and toys twice, and have been very impressed with the friendly service, reasonable prices, and great selection on both occasions!	1	1
 Very reasonaby priced compared to that large box store ( if you know what I mean).	1	1
I am very impressed by their service.	2	1
We have experienced most services including walks, runs and overnight sitting; we look forward to using wedding services in the very near future.	2	1
We are very particular about our pups and can't emphasize enough the quality of service and peace of mind provided by the team.	2	1
I've been coming here for at least 10 years and I'll continue to come here for the friendly customer service and how great they are about returns.	2	1
They looked great, smelt amazing and the price was reasonable.	1	1
 The service is great.	2	1
 Also love the quality of grooming services, smells and looks wonderful after bathing from Charlie's.	2	1
We've been here with our dog a couple times now, and have had good, prompt, affordable service.	2	1
 The prices are reasonable and the staff is very friendly.	1	1
  This groomer does it all at a reasonable price and also has a fantastic reward program (so tell her I sent you!	1	1
The price was competitive; the convenience and service were definitely worth it.	2	1
The price was competitive; the convenience and service were definitely worth it.	1	1
 I live in Chicago and cannot find the same high level of service, so I make sure to time my visits home to coincide with Baxter's haircuts so we can frequent Bubble Nest.	2	1
I'm so glad that I found this great groomer, wonderful service, wonderful prices and my dogs were not nervous at all, which is a big change.	2	1
If you are looking for a vet that is COMPETENT, a vet that REALLY CARES about animals and a vet that is INEXPENSIVE and reasonably priced, then you really have to check out Dr.	1	1
I was holding back on reviewing them again until I could be certain that it would be an accurate review and to be certain that they are consistent with their outstanding service and pricing.	2	1
So if you need honest, competent & friendly care at very affordable prices, you owe it to yourself and your pet to make the trip over to see Dr.	1	1
The prices here are fair and they don't gouge you.	1	1
 And prices where great and affordable.	1	1
Great job on the pet door install and a great price.	1	1
  Both pets and owners are made to feel so welcome, everything is well explained, the service is always stellar.	2	1
The customer service was excellent and they really took great care of him.	2	1
The prices were affordable.	1	1
The service was really great.	2	1
Pricing is comparable and all their services are listed so you never have to worry about any hidden costs\/fees.	2	1
We really appreciate all the customer service, and on a side note she really loves those bacon and cheese treats you guys sell!	2	1
We will definitely be using the service again in the future!	2	1
The price was really reasonable too!	1	1
I recommended a co-worker to go to this place since she lived nearby and she was very pleased with their service.	2	1
Awesome vet and the best prices in town.	1	1
 Thankfully I found Wags In The City Pet Services!	2	1
 Their prices are very reasonable and they have been an absolute life saver!	1	1
Their service is exemplary -they take excellent care or our pugs and have been extremely accommodating.	2	1
 I believe that his prices are very reasonable.	1	1
 To me, that alone is worth the price.	1	1
 The price was good and very helpful staff.	1	1
I highly recommend their services.	2	1
I have never worked with a better service.	2	1
 Her pricing was as good or better than the big box pet stores and the service and quality were far superior!	2	1
His prices are fair and you can tell he really cares about animals.	1	1
Their customer service is absolutely the best, and Edward answers e-mails and special requests promptly.	2	1
 Since moving to the Valley, I've used his services more often than I wish.	2	1
Absolutely excellent service, dependability, and care for our two cats.	2	1
 My husband found this service and I highly recommend them.	2	1
Great selection of imported Japanese Koi at reasonable prices.	1	1
Her prices are extremely fair and her knowledge is never ending.	1	1
This place has such amazing service.	2	1
The backroom groom is down the street and reasonably priced.	1	1
 The services she provides are truly amazing and scientific in nature due to her level of education and expertise.	2	1
  I can tell you, that you WILL be suprised and to also keep in mind that her services are that of a communicator or interpreter, and that she relays what the animal chooses to disclose.	2	1
I have been so pleased with their service.	2	1
The service and the quality of the work was excellent.	2	1
 They are so nice, and reasonably priced.	1	1
 The clinic is convenient and very reasonably priced.	1	1
I highly recommend Arrowhead Pooper Scoopers and the service Edward provides.	2	1
I love Rah Raw Pet Food and their home delivery service!	2	1
Reasonably priced for the treats, not so much for the other gifts in their shop.	1	1
 I will not hesitate to go out of town again since I have great boarding service for my special needs Siamese boy.	2	1
 Their prices are the most competitive in town, I've found.	1	1
The Vet (Dr Patell) is very humble and very knowledgeable, very caring and has one of the best prices in town....	1	1
Karen is a great groomer and prices are reasonable.	1	1
I was very very happy with the service.	2	1
The service was fast, I did not have to wait longer than 5 minutes for my appointment.	2	1
Summary	1	1
 Excellent customer service over the phone.	2	1
Everyone there seemed to be happy with service.	2	1
 The prices are affordable and they do what they promise.	1	1
We have always had great service.	2	1
The rates are very reasonable for services, the team is very friendly, and the space is super clean!	2	1
  The service and care that they provide has been amazing and we would happily recommend them to anyone looking for animal care in the South Hills.	2	1
Vets can be really expensive and they are very reasonably priced compared to any other vets.	1	1
Their price is very reasonable and Edward was very professional.	1	1
Great prices, quick turnaround and super friendly	1	1
 The price was reasonable also.	1	1
She was very helpful in setting up his treatment and the price was amazing!	1	1
Im really impressed with my vet bill , very reasonably priced 	1	1
Thank you Andrea for a super service at a great price!	1	1
Great care, prices and very trustworthy makes this place the very best in my book.	1	1
 Moreover the prices compared to the rest of the market are really great.	1	1
Quick easy next day appointment, reasonable prices and great service!	1	1
 The prices are very reasonable, the people are very good, and they are extremely caring to our dog, who is pretty afraid of the whole grooming process.	1	1
By far the best ratio quality price I ever found before.	1	1
 They always have a great selection of unique and healthy fish and it is much more reasonably priced compaired to places like Fintastic.	1	1
 Both were successful and both were reasonably priced.	1	1
  Very reasonably priced, they do a wonderful job with my German Shepherd.	1	1
I find the prices very reasonable and I really appreciate that Dr.	1	1
I also found the prices to be reasonable, especially for such a detailed cut.	1	1
Doesn't even qualify as customer service.	2	0
They give conflicting information and give VERY bad customer service.	2	0
The customer service was bad, i found them rude.	2	0
 I have never been treated so rudely by a service provider in my life.	2	0
I felt bullied into leaving a tip for service not gotten	2	0
I am very unhappy with the service we received at the hound huddle, we have a puppy and we were told that she has too much energy and we shouldn't bring her anymore.	2	0
 The price is high and the work is horrible.	1	0
  There is a new Owner, Mike, who is extremely rude and offers no customer service.	2	0
It also happened to be their most expensive harness.	1	0
This place is overpriced and the items smell like an old lady's closet.	1	0
Poor customer service, lack of care or concern of how I was going to feed my horses when they had my money.	2	0
try to avoid this place for grooming service	2	0
No customer service skills whatsoever and a smug, take it or leave it attitude.	2	0
Horrible customer service!	2	0
Friendly staff, decent customer service, many animals.	2	0
Way too expensive for the low quality of service they are proving	2	0
  NO Customer Service Etiquette whatsoever!	2	0
Terrible service with rude people on the counter.	2	0
We will not be using their services again	2	0
 I pay more money  and get the worse service.	2	0
I think that they should be shut down permanently for selling overpriced Mutts and Cats and other animals.	1	0
What a waste of our money for poor and dishonest service!	2	0
 Read the more recent reviews and there is a trend of poor customer service, lack of professionalism and defensiveness.	2	0
They are way overpriced with their stuff and the female red headed manager is extremely rude.	1	0
Overpriced and lacking in communication skills.	1	0
I am highly disappointed with the service.	2	0
Essentially, customer service is so bad I moved vets because of HER.	2	0
 Unacceptable, unprofessional, and just plain horrible customer service.	2	0
Anyone thinking about taking your dog to this place just look at their unprofessional response to my review and you can see how poor their customer service is.	2	0
We were also quoted one price and paid well over that.	1	0
I guess customer service has gone to the dogs....	2	0
Such horrible customer service.	2	0
Poor and incomplete service.	2	0
No need to ask for customers service cuz it will take you no where .	2	0
In summary	2	0
 Nothing is worse then poor customer service when you have been loyally using a service.	2	0
 Never experienced a rude customer service call like so.	2	0
High pressure, ultra high price, scare tactic approach.	1	0
 I was charged $90....absolutely crazy price for a small dog to be groomed...will NEVER go back!	1	0
I found them to be unclear, deceptive, overpriced and at times even ignorant.	1	0
They suggested expensive tests with no clinical implications and misquoted prices.	1	0
Prices are all over the place and subject to change it seems at whim.	1	0
Very dark, Smells like urine, and over priced.	1	0
  Of the 3 or so times I have gone in here in the past year, I leave frustrated with nothing in hand because either it is ridiculously overpriced or out of stock.	1	0
 Smelled awful and WAY WAY overpriced for this type of environment.	1	0
Do no go unless you want to pay for overpriced products and to treated less than a human being.	1	0
 Jason will always order the biggest most expensive first and then tell you this is all they have or just play stupid.	1	0
It is completely overpriced and it was the first and last time we went.	1	0
This woman always tries to up-sell her overpriced services which are not even effective.	1	0
The prices they charge are crazy.	1	0
This has been a very expensive and time consuming proplem and one that you should be cautioned about.	1	0
This was the WORST cut my dog has ever received and also the most expensive.	1	0
That because these ingredients are so expensive, he's going to need to charge more.	1	0
  We Will NEVER use his services again!	2	0
And we are very disappointed in the customer service, especially as the person we spoke to said that they don't intend to look into this at all.	2	0
Worst store I ever stepped foot into, over priced and not friendly.	1	0
 They are expensive for starters.	1	0
But, my real issue with Tails R Waggin and the reason for a One Star rating is the incredibly poor customer service, poor management, and general lack of respect.	2	0
  Horrible customer service, mislead us twice about when things would ship, made promises they could not keep.	2	0
My husband and I just got a new puppy and so I called to know\/learn more about their facility and their services.	2	0
Terrible Customer Service and the staff have No Idea what they are talking and to top it all off they give completely opposite and wrong advice just so you spend the money on things that you are not looking for or need.	2	0
 Terrible Customer Service since the first time that I dealt with them!	2	0
My dog has been sitting here for 1 and half weeks now waiting for her prescription all because of their incompetence and terrible customer service	2	0
 I have always thought highly of this vet office aside from their outrageous prices, until today.	1	0
I am not returning because of the rude customer service.	2	0
Horrible service, I didn't take my quote from them and will NOT be doing any business with them.	2	0
I would never recommend this place and the shoddy customer service and indifferent attitude will one day out this place out of business.	2	0
Terrible customer service.	2	0
We just took our dog to your Mcknight road location and we are extremely unhappy with the service.	2	0
We choose to publicly document our bad experiences, especially with those persons\/companies who lack basic customer service and communucation skills, to the benefit of other readers.	2	0
 I have found that they are grossly overpriced, and the service leaves much to be lacking.	2	0
 I have found that they are grossly overpriced, and the service leaves much to be lacking.	1	0
Way over priced, very expensive just to get a evaluation.	1	0
This is the worst service ever.	2	0
Friendly staff, but poor service for the money.	2	0
rude and abrupt customer service as usual and always out of stock for treats!	2	0
The absolute worst customer service I have ever experienced.	2	0
Let me tell you how horribly disappointed I was with the customer service at this location.	2	0
NOT SERVICES - which could be justified if they were providing superior service - but PRODUCT.	2	0
 Horrible Customer Service.	2	0
Customer service was horrible and they will try to get over on you.	2	0
Very expensive but we were willing to make the investment to continue her growth and development.	1	0
Very over priced pet toys were double of what pet smart charges better get chew toys from Walmart as they are way cheaper there	1	0
It is one of the best selection bird shops I have been and ironically the worst service ever!	2	0
Worst customer service, do not come to this shop!	2	0
They cannot retain skilled groomers, do not show any signs of empathy or customer service at all.	2	0
  He lacks any sort of customer service skills and actually hung up on me when I called to ask a question over the phone.	2	0
When I was unhappy with the price after spending over $700 already she said she wanted to just treat her without knowing what was wrong.	1	0
 The service this time around was horrible and made me uncomfortable especially  after I told the nurse that her attitude was unprofessional and she yelled at me and slammed the door.	2	0
No apology from customer service to even try to make this right.	2	0
worst customer service i have called mark since nov to come look at my tank to do maintenance  after being told time after time he would call me to come by 4 months later he shows up then tells me he will get me on the schedule.	2	0
Very poor customer service.	2	0
Long story short this shop is far from quality customer service.	2	0
I have found that this rescue agency is extremely careless and obviously lacks basic customer service skills.	2	0
I will not be taking my dogs back, not because of poor service, but because of complete dishonest practices.	2	0
 The prices are probably high due to location.	1	0
This medication is extremely expensive and has significant side effects but I gave it to her daily at their instruction.	1	0
The manger was extremely rude, didn't give good customer service at all.	2	0
Puppies stuffed into cages, no interaction, over priced mixed breeds, no information about where they come from, and absolutely no way of viewing the parents of these pups!	1	0
This is all completely aside from the very high prices they want to charge (which we would have paid anyway if it meant saving a dog instead of getting one from a breeder).	1	0
I am sure that Nate is as fantastic of a trainer as everyone says he is, but I found that a lack of communication, poor customer service skills, and I guess difficulty coming together between both of our schedules made this trainer a bad fit for us, so I'll never know.	2	0
They have no sense of customer service, and no sense of general  human fairness.	2	0
Very poor updated service, cost us almost $500.00 and they wanted even more for unnecessary x-ray's.	2	0
Nice place with nice bird selections, but highly overpriced.	1	0
He's making a huge profit already and doesn't have customer service skills.	2	0
Forbes and the poor customer service provided.	2	0
The fact that I was willing to shell out $60 for a 4 week class that I didn't really need should have resulted in some better customer service.	2	0
 That is when we found out that this extremely expensive training (we purchased the $1500 one for 6 lessons) was non-refundable.	1	0
No customer service skills & I do not feel comfortable taking my dog their any longer.	2	0
I cannot imagine worst service especially having gone to other pet stores where individuals are friendly and helpful!	2	0
 Absolutely no regard for customer service or care, nor was this a policy since he had no problems refunding my other item.	2	0
And the customer service at the cashier is terrible.	2	0
I would NOOOOOT recommend going here as this poor dogs are sick & way over priced.	1	0
Was told this is why they don't recommend booking services using the app.	2	0
Although we really liked the groomer at this location, their customer service is HORRIBLE.	2	0
 Of course, I found this practice frustrating & inconsiderate, so I made a comment to my daughter about liking the groomer, but not the customer service.	2	0
Worst people on earth, horrible attitudes, years of terrible service.	2	0
 Ill never recommend her service to ANYONE!	2	0
I walked out furious after commenting on rudeness and lack of service.	2	0
The \"weekend convenience\" is not worth the price.	1	0
The owner was rude and did not even apologize for the horrible service.	2	0
 customer service is awful.	2	0
The worse customer service I have ever experinced.	2	0
There customer service is terrible and I dread to see the craftsmanship of my dogs collar.	2	0
 Always seemed overpriced.	1	0
I was taken back by the rudeness and lack of customer service.	2	0
i'm never going back there and i hope this review helps someone out there to avoid the bad service!	2	0
Policy aside it was just terrible customer service.	2	0
We received very poor customer service while visiting the self service dog wash.	2	0
Can't believe the terrible customer service!	2	0
 Poor customer service on Susan & her team means I cannot recommend them to others	2	0
I am VERY DISAPPOINTED in the service from this company.	2	0
 Probably the worst customer service I've EVER received.	2	0
We had gone several times last year but stopped because we didn't like the service.	2	0
Using this service was truly heinous.	2	0
In my opinion, these people don't have any customer service or grooming skills.	2	0
Poor customer service by the owner, Shauna!	2	0
All in all I think A Leg Up is a poor service that really doesn't go the extra mile for the dogs.	2	0
This is unrealistic and again unacceptable service.	2	0
This is also our very first experience with using embrace and I am, again, very disappointed with our service.	2	0
 This has been heartbreaking and expensive.	1	0
As soon as I talk to the vet it just seemed like they wanted me to purchase their one year plan which seemed expensive.	1	0
There very expensive, and you sure do not get your moneys worth, I fired them\/him (He kept saying it was his company, but there using his daughters name for tax reasons)after 2 so called secessions, about 20 minutes each, where all I did was write and be talked down to, he's in a speed race to leave, but, he sure knows to get that check.	1	0
I have to put my kitten in very expensive intensive care ($1000+) for the next 24-48 hours as the condition went too long without proper treatment.	1	0
She gave us a script for steroids, the most expensive ear meds on the market and a special shampoo.	1	0
Your items are too expensive for a thrift store.	1	0
We paid our very expensive vet fee (in which she basically did nothing) and left, but the next day, his ears were completely filled with the same black gunk again.	1	0
 A few weeks ago,  I brought my cat in, she recommended to go through all kinds of unnecessary expensive tests.	1	0
I asked why it was so expensive, and Dr Badri said the surgery was more complicated than expected.	1	0
I can't believe how expensive her care was and I realize now how privileged I am to have been able to pay for it]	1	0
They quote the most expensive option every time and mock you if you refer to reading up on the issue your dog has prior to coming in.	1	0
 I ended up having to put the one cat on RX food, purchased from the vet which is very expensive to try to get the vomiting under control.	1	0
The prices are so expensive as usual	1	0
The doctor on site didn't have a clue about the issues, was completely unprofessional and this whole experience was awful and really expensive.	1	0
Crowded, expensive, no regard for people's time, no caring about the animals, pushing expensive \"prescription\" diet food and remedies...	1	0
Barnes at Del Lago last year and it was a bit expensive but I was told that all of his front teeth were stitched in to ensure they were stronger.	1	0
They are expensive and do a very poor job!	1	0
Incredibly expensive and they don't seem to care about if the fish are taken care of properly.	1	0
Honestly way too expensive for the shoddy work that I got, and she told me, \"you think that's expensive it's going to be $90 next time.\" I pay for service.	1	0
This inconsistency is extremely frustrating, especially when it's so expensive.	1	0
 Unfortunately, the wait is extremely long and the care is expensive.	1	0
We're sad to leave, but visits are pretty expensive and we're just not comfortable with the new staff.	1	0
One of the beds I purchased, which was the most expensive, had a zipper that broke after the first time I washed the cover.	1	0
 They are bit more expensive than their competition.	1	0
 Very expensive for a vet that has no idea what she's doing!	1	0
This place is very expensive.	1	0
 Trying to cancel the very expensive health plan now for both dogs.	1	0
First off, it is WAY expensive.	1	0
We would never go back to that clinic and it was expensive.	1	0
Not good at all-very expensive, kept adding all sorts of  unecessary tests, madly trying to upsell treats and toys and junk to me at the counter when I was checking out, won't be back.	1	0
And he is  the most expensive or more appropriately overpriced vet in North America.	1	0
  They will also make you sign a waiver that allows them to clip your dogs nails, feed them their expensive food and provide other treatment that they deem necessary then charge you for it when you return to pick up your dog!	1	0
We followed the prescribed dietary protocol for 2yrs (very expensive, but He was worth it!	1	0
for two days my puppy didnt eat or get up from his bed and he peed blood i took him back and told them that the medicine gave him this  side effects they charged me for the visit and the blood work for something they caused i dont think it was fair i changed to pet lovers and friendly doctors and less than half of the price they are too EXPENSIVE.	1	0
 Of 5 estimates, this company was by far the most expensive.	1	0
We've had far better care and service at the Downtown Animal Hospital - although it's also quite expensive.	1	0
Staff has high turn over, never apologizes for the wait, expensive for mediocre care.	1	0
 I dont mind paying $ to make my dog feel better but Dr Siglars office is very expensive and not worth it especially since they gave me wrong information.	1	0
Also, Links Road did NOT do any followup whatsoever on the very expensive blood work that I paid for to make sure my rabbit is not deficient in any crucial vitamins.	1	0
I paid for expensive tests and still nothing.	1	0
Dishonest in how they bill and very, very expensive.	1	0
 Prices for livestock are way too high.	1	0
Bird department	1	0
Price is already high to begin with.	1	0
Not to mention in the end, she was COMPLETELY overpriced.	1	0
Please don't waste your money	1	0
Gave this place a lot of business over priced and will not be going back.	1	0
 The services they do for the monthly payment you pay is completely over priced!	1	0
I started my search for a French Bulldog and had decided between two breeders, one that was closer to home but the price was a little too unbelievable, and this woman.	1	0
This place is a rip off both the vet and specially the grooming you pay the highest price for the worst service of your life.	1	0
overpriced and most of the time incompetent.	1	0
 The prices are unbelievable!	1	0
I told them that i couldn't afford their over priced surgery and they told me to go to the Humane Society!	1	0
Ridiculous prices for everything available.	1	0
Nice office, took my new puppy here for all of his beginning stages shots but very overpriced for vet services and really difficult to get a nexguard & heartguard prescription since they want to sell you their grossly overpriced meds.	1	0
super stinky, bad service and over priced.	1	0
Eglinton-Hwy10 recommended immediate surgery for a very high price and quickly offered a number of payment plans to help me decide (the cost was several thousand dollars!	1	0
Poor quality, expensive prices, don't bring your Samoyed here.	1	0
their stuff is overpriced , low quality and they always try to push extra useless stuff on you .	1	0
 I highly recommend her services!	2	1
 These guys are awesome! Pleasant, friendly and professional customer service!	2	1
 They are the best and so reasonably priced.	1	1
 I've been bringing my boy's here for 17 years and I'm very pleased with the service.	2	1
 I am sure glad a friend recommended your services to me\nyour life time patient, Artie	2	1
  They take our insurance and always give us great service!	2	1
 Dr Kruyer has done my dental work for well over a decade now and I have always been impressed with their service.	2	1
 Az Lifts 4 Less is amazing! They are very knowledgable about their products and give exceptional customer service.	2	1
 They provide honest and quick service at reasonable prices.	2	1
 They provide honest and quick service at reasonable prices.	1	1
  They also help out greatly with price matching with local competitors along with having a really good stock amount of products.	1	1
 All in all, great staff, great RMTs and reasonable prices!	1	1
 Great service, very pleasant and made me feel so comfortable.	2	1
 I just received some incredible customer service from Foot Solutions on Bell Road.	2	1
 Thank you for such great service and addressing my concerns well and made this affordable for me.	2	1
 Fast & friendly service! Got my glasses within 5 days.	2	1
 Quick service, very professional staff, Nice office.	2	1
 I am so happy I found this dentist the staff is very nice and polite and their prices are reasonable .	1	1
 Would definitely recommend since as a pharmacist I have an appreciation for knowledgeable and friendly service.	2	1
 They have a great team and are all about customer service.	2	1
 She is very friendly, professional, nice and clean salon suite, and her prices are great.	1	1
 Customer service here is excellent!	2	1
 And the quality is really good, and the service is really good as well.	2	1
  His true desire is to help patients at an affordable price.	1	1
 Beautiful facility with outstanding service.	2	1
 Great professional friendly service.	2	1
 They took the time to really see what my needs were regarding my vision.	2	1
 The price is reasonable and I like that my first massage was at a discounted price.	1	1
 I am really pleased with the service that I have received.	2	1
 Customer service is fantastic, getting glasses and contacts is easy and convient.	2	1
 I highly recommend this location if you are ever in the need for these type of services.	2	1
 Great service, they drive you home in your own car! Pay them to not get killed or arrested.	2	1
 I used designated drivers last Saturday after a night out and I was very impressed with the service.	2	1
 I will continue using this service, great company, great drivers	2	1
 Excellent customer service from the time you walk in to the time you leave.Dr Ashtiani is so caring and kind.	2	1
 He has exceptional price plans and no ripoffs.	1	1
 Incredible price and easy to schedule.	1	1
 Ok, so I don't typically leave reviews for doctors BUT this place has to be put on blast for its amazing customer service and truly qualified doctors.	2	1
 I was super impressed with the service from the first call in to make an appointment to the actual visit.	2	1
 There prices are very reasonable.	1	1
 Excellent service! It was pretty late in the day but she was still patiently registering people and was extremely nice and courteous to everyone even though she was close to closing.	2	1
 Great individualized service, you feel they really care.	2	1
 Standley and his staff are all very personable and provide excellent service.	2	1
 Great service, I went to Med-Cure Internal Medicine  for my yearly physical.	2	1
 Great people, great prices and the service was fast!	1	1
  He is extremely well priced.	1	1
 The prices seem to be a fair for the procedures I need.	1	1
 She offers great deals and is very reasonably priced given the absolute quality of her treatments.	1	1
 The selection of frames are amazing and their prices on contacts are very competitive.	1	1
 The prices at Walmart was reasonable, The Ray Ban, combination metal and plastic frames were $170 and $180 for transitional lenses, price out the door was $382.	1	1
 The service and the professionalism of both Chris and Docotor Morley is Amazing!	1	1
 They stand behind their products and service and will always provide you the best care and service possible!	1	1
  The service is always great and they have a solid selection of modern eyewear.	1	1
 Every visit the service exceeded my expectations.	1	1
  I am very impressed with the service and his young but very knowledgeable and professional staff.	1	1
 Very happy with the service and the care my daughter has received here.	1	1
 Great service and prices for people with no insurance, will be back as a regular patient	1	1
 Their customer service was great as well.	1	1
 Accommodating, professional, efficient, caring, amazing customer service.	1	1
 Professional service that made me feel comfortable while working on my issues.	1	1
 Thank you for your amazing service and taking care of me!	1	1
 I highly recommend Swing Orthopedic for PT services.	1	1
 I highly recommend him to anyone who may need his services and will be referring people to him!	1	1
 Great experience at his office and looking forward to using his services in the near future.	1	1
 Have been going here a few years and they have had exceptional service and quality every time!	1	1
 They took the time to explain everything to me and had an awesome variety!	1	1
 This place has the best customer service and the most friendly staff.	1	1
 The service was wonderful, there was no wait time at all, the staff and the NP that I saw were very friendly and professional, and of course the price was agreeable.	1	1
 His office staff are great, too! They are organized, kind and always provide great service.	1	1
 Amazing service and knowledgeable staff!	1	1
 They took there time had great customer service and were very nice.	1	1
 Their price is very good so I highly recommed you sign up for their membership.	1	1
 Hot knowledgable staff and reasonable prices on the best products in town.	1	1
 I was treated to an excellent facial, arm and hand massage, and all for a reasonable price.	1	1
 Friendly, on time and reasonably priced.	1	1
 They have very reasonable prices and don't jip you on time like a lot of the chains who start your 60 minutes when you walk in the front door.	1	1
 Offers a great price and he & his wife are always kind and caring.	1	1
 He is very accommodating with your scheduling needs and fairly priced.	1	1
 Great selection and I think everything was priced well too.	1	1
 You can get a better price on frames via Costco or the internet, but I will say that the service technicians in-house are pleasant and can order a wide variety of frames.	1	1
 They have a wonderful staff and offer the best prices.	1	1
 Alive has the best prices in town and she will open your eyes to so many healthy living tips and practices.	1	1
 Great place for all, affordable prices for cash patients, open Saturday can't beat that	1	1
  I was worried, but the price came in at a very small fraction of what others had told me.	1	1
 Great Price! Anna is awesome this is a gem of a place in Delray Beach.	1	1
 Prices are reasonable and compared to other places in the area, substantially appropriate.	1	1
  He s not cheap, but I suppose quality work comes at reasonable price.	1	1
 Their prices are reasonable and their staff are pleasant to work with.	1	1
 The prices for her place were very reasonably priced.	1	1
 Easy to deal with and fair prices.	1	1
 The prices are very reasonable, the massage is very therapeutic, and they are very professional.	1	1
  The office staff is very friendly and efficient, and the prices are very reasonable.	1	1
 The prices are very reasonable, especially when compared to other highly advertised programs out there.	1	1
Also, their prices were well below the other optical places we visited as well.	1	1
Not only is Tim friendly and reasonably priced, he is a MASTER at his craft.	1	1
 Prices are reasonable and well rounded number of products.	1	1
Very reasonable priced and great customer service!	1	1
Concierge medicine is a fantastic service delivery model and the breadth and depth of the care is well worth the price.	1	1
It's so reasonably priced and they massage you from head to toe.	1	1
It has the best prices for botox, a knowledgeable and friendly Doctor injects it and discusses the procedure with you AND it LASTS!	1	1
Also, the prices are really reasonable!	1	1
She's fair priced and cares, she's super sweet and an up in coming in the spa world, I see major potential in her future if u give her a chance and not listen to one chick on yelp that had all her friends post too.	1	1
 They have a small, but amazing selection of the most fashion forward frames at great prices.	1	1
Raoufi and her staff made me feel so comfortable and best of all I got a beautiful smile for an affordable price.	1	1
 They do a great job and prices are very reasonable.	1	1
Extremely cost efficient also because they have low prices and payment plans on top of that.	1	1
The service was great and the price competitive.	1	1
It is a great place with reasonable prices.	1	1
Very good prices excellent customer service it's highly recommended.	1	1
Their prices seemed to be reasonable.	1	1
 I would encourage you to beware of going to see anybody else just because they offer a lower price.	1	1
His prices are also very reasonable, which doesn't make it impossible to go as often as I need.	1	1
 Definitely will be back as it's convenient (hours are great) and reasonably priced for the services offered!	1	1
The price point is always good, so I want to try more services from them.	1	1
The prices are reasonable, plus they are running very good promotions right now.	1	1
Amazing prices, clean and awesome staff.	1	1
The prices are better than other places in town for fingerprinting.	1	1
Plus he has very reasonable & fair good prices and worked with me especially compared to many dentist out here (and I've reviewed dozens...) and especially if you already have a dental plan it helps alot.	1	1
just a great massage at a great price with friendly service.	1	1
 I was also surprised the price was very reasonable.	1	1
This team is the best around and the prices are very reasonable when you come here you get more then just a quick fix.	1	1
I highly recommend visiting them, their locals prices are amazing!	1	1
Whether treating an injury or just routine maintenance, Dr Garfield provides an awesome service at a reasonable price.	1	1
 They are also extremely reasonably priced so you can keep up on your dental health without breaking the bank.	1	1
I thought the price was very reasonable and would come back if I was in the area.	1	1
Le does fantastic work at very reasonable prices.	1	1
Best massage my husband has ever had ever! Came to our home and was so reasonably priced.	1	1
 He explains all your options, gives you reasonable prices and only recommends what should be done.	1	1
A great massage for a great price.	1	1
The prices are also very fair compared  to other companies I have seen.	1	1
His prices are way affordable and he will work with you as a cash pay, an auto accident, or anything and explains it all to you up front.	1	1
Fantastic customer service with reasonable prices.	1	1
I did purchase a pack of 3 which I found very reasonably priced.	1	1
She is kind and caring and provides top-notch service at an excellent price.	1	1
Her office is serine, professional, and reasonably priced.	1	1
 Excellent service and the attention was extraordinary, Maria was very kindly and explained to me the procedures with my insurance before attending my appointment.	2	1
 He is a very patient guy and he really loves to do his job, and those are the best people for customer service.	2	1
  I have not regretted it and have sent many people to them over the last two years because I am confident they will provide a great service just like they had done for me.	2	1
  I know when my service is outstanding!	2	1
 an excellent service, Greg Cares, and is fully present, his style of physiotherapy WORKS!	2	1
 I have seen him several times and highly recommend his services.	2	1
 Highly recommend this place for top notch service and patient care.	2	1
 I came in with challenges stemming from sitting too much and soreness from summer hiking and mountain sports - and I left feeling great, and very happy with the overall experience and customer service.	2	1
 The housekeeping and food service employees were all polite and friendly.	2	1
  Definitely the best customer service I have received at any pharmacy!	2	1
 However, their service was great, from the handwritten thank you's, to the gift bag complete with cup and lipgloss, I was sold.	2	1
 And Cecilia, receptionist\/ office manager, she is the nicest person ever and has great customer service skills.	2	1
 Thanks for your wonderful service!	2	1
 Very patient, comforting, great customer service, and no complications.	2	1
 Love Lani and her services! Very relaxing and comfortable environment.	2	1
 The service is in his office is great and all of the staff are very nice and helpful should you have any questions.	2	1
 Logan and he was actually out of town for a conference but was able to direct us to the closes urgent care which provided us great service.	2	1
 As someone who has worked with many chiropractors in the past I can tell you that his knowledge, treatment, and level of service is so far beyond that of any other chiropractor I have dealt with!	2	1
 I am so pleased with the services here.	2	1
 Fast, friendly service! I had to get a wellness test for work and the woman working was so nice and helpful.	2	1
 they have great customer service, seem to always be able to get you when you need it, and do not make you wait forever like a lot of places.	2	1
  If this is any indication of the service anyone going to her they can expect nothing but first class service.	2	1
 So glad I got to experience excellent customer service and care at your office.	2	1
 Service was excellent and exceptional!	2	1
 She worked my back and gave me really awesome service.	2	1
 I will continue to use his services.	2	1
 5 stars for Such amazing service from my nurse kris was so nice she made me feel real comfortable and came here early.	2	1
 Customer service is just amazing!	2	1
 I highly recommend his services.	2	1
 She loved the staff and services there.	2	1
 Great customer service from terrific people.	2	1
 Exxelent doctor and service, very professional,  he takes time with each patient and explains things well, clean office as well	2	1
 The care and service I receive here is better than any I have experienced in any business.	2	1
 All in all, 5-star service and i'm so delighted to have found such a great new dentist!	2	1
 I've always been happy with the service there.	2	1
 She provides the absolute best customer service and I will continue to go back especially for her.	2	1
 The most unexpected and exceptional service that was provided however happened post surgery about two hours later when a valid prescription for pain medication issued by Dr.	2	1
 I came to him after a nightmare dentist and was extremely pleased with the service and his expertise.	2	1
 Awesome place, awesome people and very good service for a very affordable cost.	2	1
 It has great walk in services and patient services with a functional website.	2	1
 I'm very grateful to him and his wonderful staff for the service provided.	2	1
 I think that's a great service.	2	1
 Both are very caring individuals who provide great service!	2	1
 Julia is great - she listens well and gave great service, she even offered to redo anything if I was unhappy with my treatment after I got home, which I wasn't.	2	1
  She is a bit pricier than other places I've been too, but I think it's worth it because her room is very clean and she provides great service.	2	1
 FANTASTIC SERVICE TO GO WITH A GREAT ATMOSPHERE, LOCATION AND FAIR PRICES!!!	2	1
 Staff is super friendly and service was quick.	2	1
 Excellent Technique, Quality service,  top customer service and great value.	2	1
 I receive better service than my primary care provider.	2	1
  Great service, friendly and always on-time.	2	1
 Everyone did such an amazing job and the service was great.	2	1
 Great, helpful, efficient service.	2	1
 Compared to my nightmare experience with Life Labs, this is great service, no lines up and no pain.	2	1
 I am really happy with this wal mart pharmacy the service was awesome	2	1
 Exceptional service from when you're greeted at the door to eye exam and choosing frames.	2	1
 I will always appreciate the service that they gave my family!	2	1
  I would highly recommend her services to anyone.	2	1
 I need a place that can perform a great deal of services under one roof.	2	1
 I highly recommend this business for smooth, efficient and friendly service.	2	1
 Still awesome service  and great staff still receiving the treatment i expect and deserve	2	1
 Thank you Rose for providing great customer service!	2	1
  Don't let the big chain name fool you - America's Best provides good service at a great price.	2	1
 I highly recommend their service, the environment they cultivate of patience, encouragement, and honest diligence (on both mine and their part).	2	1
 I highly recommend their services!	2	1
 My wife and I both used their services and have been satisfied.	2	1
 Great service, followed up, helped with plans, explained everything, accurate and cares for his customers.	2	1
 Then they raised the price, and I declined due to raising the price.	1	0
 There are some well-qualified, very gifted physicians there -- but you pay a high price getting to one.	1	0
I will definitely be looking for another place to take my daughter to because obviously they don't care about customer service or building the patient relationship what kind of office is this?	2	0
Horrible customer service experience; couldn't even get past the receptionist.	2	0
The receptionist is condescending and should never be in a client facing role, very poor customer service skills.	2	0
This place has horrible customer service.	2	0
Terrible service and a terrible adjustment.	2	0
This place has terrible customer service and apparently they don't care if they injure their patients.	2	0
I was thoroughly disappointed with this company and their services.	2	0
With customer service like that, you might as well kiss your business goodbye sooner or later if you treat people like that!	2	0
never experienced worse service and a more disorganized staff.	2	0
The glasses were so awful, and the service was just as bad.	2	0
 They practice bait and switch tactics and clearly have no customer service.	2	0
 Prices are too high.	1	0
 Their prices are way above the market.	1	0
Poor service.I will be moving all 3 of my kids to a new allergist.	2	0
She's one of the most unprofessional service providers I've ever encountered.	2	0
 Totally over priced and dishonest about their fees.DO NOT TRUST THESE PEOPLE!	1	0
The service was terrible.	2	0
The experience was the worst  customer service ever.	2	0
The service I received was unsatisfactory, and, after giving them my credit card to pay for the services, and promptly paying other charges such as for aneth, I received a collection notice.	2	0
I'm going to preface my review with the fact that this is my first yelp review and Groupon purchase and I have to say I was faced with such rude and confrontational customer service that I felt like it was necessary for me to leave a comment.	2	0
The customer service at this place has definitely gone downhill.	2	0
Customer service leaves much to be desired.	2	0
 They are over priced and not very honest.	1	0
Bad customer service by the Spanish girl in the front.	2	0
They are very rude here and they do not believe in customer service.	2	0
It's pretty obvious that they have poor customer service when even children noticed how rude they were being.	2	0
Outdated equipment and unsanitary methods and conditions aren't the problem, poor customer service is.	2	0
The service is very bad.	2	0
Very poor customer service, was very behind schedule, and staff was very unprofessional.	2	0
Beyond disappointed with their quality of work, professionalism, lack of care and overall service.	2	0
 The extra price for that turned out to be $200 which I couldn't afford at the time so when I went back and sat in the chair to have my teeth cleaned I told the hygenist to just do a normal cleaning on all my teeth and I was told that she couldn't do that lower quadrant because Dr.	1	0
 Spectrum Eye Care, You the customer expect good customer care in such a facility to purchase their over priced Eye wear.	1	0
 Unfortunately the prices for services are not up front.	1	0
 This place sucks the people are rude the prices are outrageous I had to order two pair of glasses it took two weeks for them to come in when they finally did come in they never even bother calling me and they told me that the number that they had for me was unable to be reached which is absolutely BS.	1	0
 I go in for my second two week fill and let me just say their prices are soooo overpriced.	1	0
 EXTREMELY overpriced.	1	0
 I've never seen such high prices, especially for such poor service.	1	0
 Furthermore, they are pretty high priced.	1	0
 Oooops, deep cleaning was in order for all of us at an uncomfortably high price especially for an \"affordable\" dentist.	1	0
 The products aren't particularly well-priced and the customer service is consistently below-par.	1	0
 they sell overpriced Vemma juice as a solution to infestation.	1	0
 I didn't feel like they cared and their programs are way overpriced for what you actually get out of them.	1	0
 Unless you want to be taken advantage of over prices and completely go broke over one appointment I'd avoid coming here.	1	0
 I was told a higher price.	1	0
 Apparently Elena is displeased with either groupon or living social she doesnt quite seem to know which one sold massages at the wrong price.	1	0
 They do a HORRIBLE job, and don't be fooled by the prices.	1	0
 He told me the medical industry is driven by money while in the next sentence pushing his overpriced \"proprietary\" supplements.	1	0
 Highest price I've ever paid to have kids' cavities filled.	1	0
 Way over priced as an overall experience.	1	0
 They are disorganized, dishonest, and pricey.	1	0
 Outrageously overpriced and achieved absolutely nothing.	1	0
 Their prices are high and the employees are rude.	1	0
 Unprofessional, shady, rude and overpriced for nothing.	1	0
 Worst customer service I've ever experienced! Choose any other place than here!terrible selection of frames, overpriced service!	1	0
 The prices are way too high for CBD products for what you get.	1	0
 There is no way anyone would pay full price for these treatements.	1	0
 Their prices are high and their staff is rude.	1	0
 They are way overpriced and not effective at all.	1	0
 Insanely high prices! I stopped in for the first time tonight.	1	0
 Definitely in agreement with the overpriced and transparency of the way the business operates.	1	0
 Overpriced and outdated products.	1	0
 A very expensive price for a baby sitting service but that's all it is.	1	0
 Horrible, overpriced, unprofessional, and  uneducated people working here! Labs take over 5 days! I have never had a lab take that long!	1	0
 They are way over priced.	1	0
 It is very overpriced and their rooms are quite small in comparison to other retirement residences.	1	0
 Higher price - no updates to advertising and refuse to honor stated price.	1	0
 They over price their products.	1	0
I have run the gamut of chronic pain services over decades.	2	0
Denied ultrasound because of some political garbage on who can and can not recommend service.	2	0
 I should have dissolved it, but hesitated because It was so over priced, and I spent so much on it.	1	0
 Absurdly overpriced.	1	0
 Prices are not cheaper than any other place in the valley and again it look unsanitary.	1	0
 Hired them on end of last year, increased prices significantly.	1	0
 I can't afford to pay that high of a price immediately, so I had to cancel.	1	0
 I went to my old dentist the next day and they did x-rays on me for free since Somerset  was riduculously over-priced.	1	0
 When I decided this was too pricey and would not offer the support I need to lose weight.	1	0
 Run from this place! It's over priced and unprofessional.	1	0
 This dentist is known in the Arizona dentist community to screw over people with high prices.	1	0
 I find this place to be extremely overpriced.	1	0
 Their selection is very boring, overpriced, and unorganized.	1	0
 Second visit, over priced cost is reveled.	1	0
 Very overprice gym for what it is worth.	1	0
 Dirty, over priced with sub standard equipment.	1	0
 And it's horrible the course is over priced.	1	0
 The product is also over priced for the craftsmanship!!!	1	0
 Horrible doctors , overpriced procedures , rude people ! 	1	0
 After she drilled two cavities too deep, I required both to have root canals and crowns which is a very pricey and painful process.	1	0
 The price was high for what I was looking for.	1	0
 The customer service was horrible and the price could not justify how I was treated in the office.	1	0
 Overpriced and awful customer service.	1	0
 Prices are higher now too which isn't cool.	1	0
 Overpriced and Won't even pay for pre authorizations.	1	0
 Not worth the price .	1	0
 First off they are overpriced.	1	0
 She pushed me hard to buy their photo facial package for an unreasonable price.	1	0
 Not recommended for the price they charge I got insurance for 1 year	1	0
 They just wanted to sell me an over-priced pair of glasses.	1	0
 Rude employees and over priced merchandise.	1	0
 The prices at this store are much higher than other similar stores.	1	0
 A high price to pay for changing my mind about what hospital I wanted to go to.	1	0
 This organization is way over priced and the customer service the WORST I have seen,  not at all professional or caring.	1	0
 Overpriced, bad customer service and horrible business practices.	1	0
 For high prices of lab work and decent location this place is a disgrace to medical care.	1	0
 Way over priced even with great dental insurance.	1	0
 Unprofessional overpriced stitchk .	1	0
 Their prices are high and the staff unfriendly.	1	0
 there prices are outrageously excessive!!!	1	0
 your little bitty glasses are way overpriced.	1	0
 The dentist just went ahead with a very expensive crown without even mentioning that I could choose a cheaper option.	1	0
 The Doctor\/Nurse whoever was seeing me made it seem like I had bad allergies, so I bought their very expensive drops (cause Medical insurance wouldn't cover them), probably spent $1200+.	1	0
This was the worst customer service situation I have ever experienced.	2	0
Absolutely the worst service Ive ever experienced in my life!!	2	0
Very unprofessional and rude service!!	2	0
Terrible service, overpriced, and down right unethical from some perspectives.	2	0
I have been really UNIMPRESSED with the product and especially the  LACK of Service.	2	0
I WILL NOT be taking advantage of or pay for services in which I was CLEARLY over charged for.	2	0
They will also try and charge you for extra services and are not happy if you decline.	2	0
 This is immensely expensive, and is quite a bit of radiation.	1	0
Has the worst service.	2	0
If you look at my Yelp reviews I NEVER give 1 star, but this was the worst costumer service experiences I've had in my entire life.	2	0
Horrible service I don't recommend this place to anyone.	2	0
While no one was particularly unprofessional and my review is only regarding the procedure that I had, I cannot recommend them and I would not use their services again.	2	0
Hands down has to the worst service a member of my family has received from a doctor and nurses and Especially HORRIBLE office clerks.	2	0
This place is horrible with the customer service.	2	0
Worst customer service I have ever experienced, I am shocked that this manager was able to open up under another name!	2	0
Horrible customer service!	2	0
This is their biggest issue - poor eye Drs on staff, poor \/ old quality testing gear, and really poor service; I went in three times because I couldn't see through my glasses for driving- I just gave up and saw a new Dr and got new glasses.	2	0
I refuse to reward such poor customer service.	2	0
Yikes, bad service before, during, and worse even after care.	2	0
Awful customer service !	2	0
I can totally agree with the lack of customer service in the office.	2	0
Maybe she should work in a warehouse, since she doesn't like working in customer service.	2	0
 It was just such a mediocre job and the pricing for what it is was very expensive.	1	0
I think the Drs should re-evaluate their staff too much competition out there and it's sad that we have to deal with poor customer service.	2	0
Heck, I wouldn't even recommend them to my worst enemy! Bad practise, bad medicine, bad service.	2	0
Terrible customer service.	2	0
 Personally I think this is highly overpriced, since I had a root-canal done (which is way more complicated of a procedure) and my portion after insurance was only like $250.	1	0
Service was terrible and my husband, myself, and our daughter were pretty much herded in and out like cattle.	2	0
Terrible, terrible service overall.	2	0
Terrible service, here, my son is no longer a patient here, the service is terrible, the only good thing I can say is the  male receptionist is nice, but for as the doctor and her assistance 4 thumbs down.	2	0
They charge exorbitant prices, have terrible customer service and then, after screwing up on their end, call collections on you.	2	0
They charge exorbitant prices, have terrible customer service and then, after screwing up on their end, call collections on you.	1	0
I am upset with the service especially since they charge more then most opticians, but i have never had this problem before and i have been wearing glasses for over 20 years.	2	0
The worst service I have ever received.	2	0
horrible customer dis-service.	2	0
Too bad because nurse practitioner​ seems to be good at providing care but personally I would not go again nor recommend due to treatment and service provided by front desk and office staff.	2	0
Very poor service.	2	0
The tech staff in the back office are amazing and definitely makes up for the poor customer service in the front office.	2	0
I have used Simon Med location's around the Valley and this location has been the worst in customer service from the front desk.	2	0
My opinion is that the gym is way over priced.	1	0
I am very disappointed with their customer service.	2	0
Overpriced legal drug dealers.	1	0
The University office has horrible customer service and is extremely disorganized.	2	0
The customer service was just down right BAD.	2	0
I really hope I can save just one person from this horrible customer service nightmare!	2	0
I am so disappointed in the customer service at this location.	2	0
The customer service is more often than not very pleasant but this is just an outrageous wait time and I am an extremely patient person.	2	0
I asked if I don't want the service what happens, I was basically told \"too bad.	2	0
Really bad service with Lupe the schedule person.	2	0
Disgusting customer service.	2	0
Their lack of common sense has caused me to write their customer service department and call upper management on two occasions already, and I have only lived here since November.	2	0
So even though they knew not to bill the insurance company for these services since they couldn't perform them, they still billed me figuring out that I'd never know.	2	0
Duplicate charges and terrible customer service.	2	0
No customer service what's so ever ! \nRude , disrespectful , unpleasant , racist and the lost can continue .	2	0
Mistakes happen occasionally but this was a perfect example of terrible customer service, lack of appreciation for loyal customers, and utter disregard for someone's health.	2	0
The bathrooms were disgusting no paper towels garbage everywhere and the front desk had horrible customer service.	2	0
You are doing your patients a HUGE disservice with your poorly trained staff FIX IT!	2	0
Literally the worst customer service I have ever received.	2	0
We could afford an expensive service provider but would never afford to be served by a business who do not put their customers at first.	2	0
The service was mediocre and they didn't pay attention to direction.	2	0
The after sales service is overall BAD as they do not care after you make the purchase.	2	0
I am very displeased with many facets of their services.	2	0
I am soo angry from there complete lack of costumer service.	2	0
No answer at any nursing station, nothing at reception, I was frantic and livid at the total lack of service.	2	0
Just be aware, pay attention to their words, and NEVER pay in advance for a service that you have not received!	2	0
I complained about the price discrepancy.	1	0
Frames extremely overpriced and selection lacking (no high fashion frames Prada, Versace etc).	1	0
They warned me he is all cash and very pricey.	1	0
Ridiculously overpriced with no results.	1	0
They overpriced everything by $100-200 so that you pay regular price on their low quantity glasses.	1	0
VERY OVERPRICED! even with insurance! What this dentist told me i needed done was going to be over $900!	1	0
Their prices are sky high.	1	0
It's a high price to pay for an office that could care less about you.	1	0
All they want to do is try different injections at outrageous prices.	1	0
I was so disappointed and frustrated by the lack of timely customer service, that I chose to leave.	2	0
Perhaps it was a busy day there, which I understand as well, but I didn't appreciate the poor customer service or lack of appreciation for my time.	2	0
They obviously don't care about customer service here.	2	0
I'm amazed that Dr Amy Sparks has the kind of people working for her with no good customer service.	2	0
Absolutely appalling service.	2	0
I'm not Please with their services.	2	0
I now understand why they were low on patients, their customer service is absolutely horrendous.	2	0
This place has some of the WORST customer service.	2	0
Extremely poor service, communication, scheduling, and outrageous pricing.	2	0
worst customer service ever!	2	0
Horrible service and rude.	2	0
The staff were very unhelpful, customer service is an F!	2	0
They have a full service equipment room where you can purchase anything you may have forgot or a something with Master Toddy's name on it.	2	1
Good place, very nice staff, personal training available, classes...all reasonably priced, and not overcrowded.	1	1
It's a really convenient location, and I feel like I'm getting a great gym for a really good price.	1	1
 You really can't beat the price for monthly membership.	1	1
The price is spot on and the flexibility with memberships can't be beat.	1	1
Billy was also prior service and they offer a very nice discount to service members!	2	1
I have been in customer service for a long time and have experience the worst and the best types of service, Crysanne is certainly one of the best experiences I have had in the fitness industry.	2	1
This welcoming studio with a great location, reasonable prices and accommodating class times makes it a no brainer!	1	1
I really like the level of service I get with Christina - highly personable and very easy going!	2	1
 Great coffee, friendly service and a very interesting atmosphere.	2	1
Full service facility (towels, shower stuff, etc).	2	1
The staff is friendly, the studio is clean and organized, the prices are fairly standard for the area, and the other attendees are friendly.	1	1
I didn't really know what to expect but the service was quite good.	2	1
 They're super reasonably priced and seem to have quite a few monthly specials.	1	1
Tribe Barre is by far the CLEANEST, most friendly and most reasonably priced place I have found.	1	1
  From the start the customer service was helpful.	2	1
I highly recommend to any of my friends and family for hair or spa services.	2	1
They offer plenty of services there including hair, nails, massages, facials, etc.	2	1
The prices are amazing for what you get and all in all, it's a lot of great services that at any other gym will cost you over 100$ a month and the prices here are more than half of that.	2	1
 I plan on working with her well into the future and fully recommend her services.	2	1
4) Their customer service is top notch!	2	1
 Normally I would expect to pay an extra fee for the complimentary towell service, convenience items, steam room, and showers.	2	1
Overall, for the price, it's enough plus some for what I need.	1	1
It has a WIDE variety of classes and services and has high end and versatile equipment.	2	1
Once I was  in the locker room I got to enjoy towel service (because I ALWAYS forget a towel ) and many other free toiletries .	2	1
 Great 24 hr fitness center at a very reasonable price!	1	1
This gym has every equipment needed for a great workout and enough equipments for everyone , open 24h from Monday to Friday there is no excuse to miss my workout, friendly service and geez people are fit & get u going!	2	1
 Beautiful rooms, great heat, friendly community, great service and good teaching staff.	2	1
great customer service, location, and equipment :) Highly recommend if you are looking to get a quick workout in for lunch.	2	1
Price is also very fair.	1	1
I was pleased with the service.	2	1
Their installers are employees of the store, not contracted out, so you're getting quality service throughout the process.	2	1
 But the location is always clean, offers lots of equipment and is always adding new services and classes.	2	1
Great prices and family friendly.	1	1
We called and were provided excellent customer service by Adam.	2	1
This gym had everything we needed for a complete workout at a very reasonable price, including plenty of cardio equipment, strength training machines, squat rack, smith press, cables, free weights etc.	1	1
Oh by the way it is super reasonably prices to take the class.	1	1
Great prices and services and convenient hours and location.	2	1
 The reason for joining was because I was looking for something close, nice equipment, and reasonably priced.	1	1
the prices are pretty standard for a private yoga studio, and they have spinning.	1	1
 They're very professional, and the customer service is great.	2	1
- Reasonable prices	1	1
Service	2	1
 Best yoga studio I've been to, and they offer great prices!	1	1
The price was very reasonable and to be honest seeing the way my wife smiled I would have paid 3x the price.	1	1
 All your fitness needs with a good price!	1	1
 It's convenient, reasonably priced, has a friendly staff, and is without all the unnecessary frills that I was paying for at my last gym.	1	1
They have retail at a very reasonable price too, I love to rep great studios and get compliments on my tank top (\"I totally Lagree\") on the back.	1	1
They allowed me a 3 day pass for a reasonable price.	1	1
It is the perfect workout with a great price point.	1	1
You'll be doing your future self an enormous service.	2	1
The one thing that you'll remember more than the burn is the excellent motivational customer service.	2	1
Price was totally worth it ($50pp for private 90mins session, could have done 120mins if we wanted).	1	1
They have a huge variety of cardio equipment, indoor running\/walking track, squash courts, basketball courts, free weights and machines as well as a shake shop and full service restaurant.	2	1
One of the BEST values for a full service clean luxurious gym in downtown Toronto.	2	1
The price is reasonable for classes, especially if you partake in the twice weekly option.	1	1
When looking for a new service I always check Yelp first.	2	1
I can always walk in and be greeted with a smile and great customer service!	2	1
Also I love that I can train as much as I need to without a contract at the most reasonable price.	1	1
Overall impress with the walls and service!	2	1
Very little stress, excellent service & friendly staff!	2	1
price is good, flat 10 bucks a class, however they only accept cash.	1	1
Customer Service is impeccable here.	2	1
Price is way affordable.	1	1
The prices are great, the staff is amazing, and what can I say, it's near and convenient for me.	1	1
Prices are reasonable and many different class times offered.	1	1
 They also offer a variety of services that are similar to a spa, which give it the over all \"club\" feel.	2	1
 No frills or games being played with customers just good service and training.	2	1
That's the kind of customer service every store needs.	2	1
 The price is excellent and very competitive to other gyms.	1	1
She is thorough and does not rush through her services.	2	1
Great prices to for the time you get to hit!	1	1
The costs are reasonable and very competitive for the services they provide.	2	1
The prices are definitely right and the store is also willing to negotiate on used equipment prices.	1	1
#5 - Price - This is a better choice for me than paying for an unqualified personal trainer or \"coach\" $50 an hour at one of the commercial gyms.	1	1
Great service and very approachable staff	2	1
I can't believe how having a custom daily workout with a personal trainer can be so economically priced.	1	1
Christophe at the front desk	2	1
Boasting a knowledgable and professional staff, any inquiries regarding  use of equipment and availability of other services are quickly answered.	2	1
I have referred her services to many of my friends and will continue to go to her.	2	1
The people and owner make it well worth the price.	1	1
Their price are also affordable and well worth the class content that is provided.	1	1
 Their customer service is fabulous!	2	1
I will definitely be taking part in some of the other services as well.	2	1
The owners are chill and fantastic, really good customer service and super helpful.	2	1
Prices are extremely reasonable and he is flexible with his schedule.	1	1
 I have been very happy from customer service to the workouts to cleanliness.	2	1
Besides all that, the prices they offer for memberships are pretty affordable which is great.	1	1
I am super satisfied with their customer service and my family and I are Happy to have joined.	2	1
All classes are available to you with your membership, there's free towel service, clean bathrooms, a clean changing area, eucalyptus sauna, regular sauna, and jacuzzi bath.	2	1
Overall, great service and great amenities!	2	1
Awesome customer service.	2	1
 I appreciate the club and the excellence in customer service.	2	1
I feel like I'm getting a great gym for a great price and its really convenient!	1	1
Anne is an incredibly skilled, fun and experienced personal trainer and I highly recommend her service.\"	2	1
 Reasonable price for monthly rates.	1	1
truly great customer service and thank you Karen for making me feel like I'm still a part of the Inner Fire community.	2	1
He provides numerous services and insights at his establishment and events around the city.	2	1
No frills salon and lovely service.	2	1
i can't speak to any other services but despite being a modest location and a family run, casual environment, it's still clean and thats all that really matters to me.	2	1
The price was good and the class schedule fit with me perfectly.	1	1
For one the price is awesome $10 for a single membership or you could do $20 dollars and go to any You Fit around.	1	1
Because when I came in the service was awesome.	2	1
Prices are very reasonable.	1	1
\"I loved the service!	2	1
 I'm very happy with both services.	2	1
 Prices are reasonable and the location can't be beat!	1	1
 Great location in the Scottsdale Airpark and Great Prices.	1	1
Great staff, great environment, and great prices.	1	1
Awesome yoga at a reasonable price.	1	1
The owner and teachers are awesome, and memberships are the best price you'll find.	1	1
 There are classes for all yogi levels at reasonable prices including a new student $10 special.	1	1
On top of that, the facility is VERY clean (including the rental gloves) and customer service is great.	2	1
Everything from the facilities, to the trainers, to the workouts, to the price is awesome.	1	1
If you are just visiting like me, drop in and enjoy a customized workout at a very reasonable price (my class was just $20).	1	1
The prices are relatively reasonable.	1	1
I have joined under the two week trial pass and received a pair of gloves, wraps and a gym bag - all for a great price.	1	1
The prices are affordable compared to other studios in the area, and I can't wait to add Club Pilates classes to my weekly exercise routine!	1	1
Prices are very reasonable for long or short stays (they have weekly passes).	1	1
Also prices are pretty reasonable and affordable	1	1
Best priced gym I have ever used.	1	1
4\/5 bumped up for the great customer service and friendliness of the staff.	2	1
Service 5\/5 the staff are awesome!	2	1
Very relaxed environment, hours are great, prices are reasonable.	1	1
 If you want a local gym at a great price you can go wrong with this PF.	1	1
Bruce's price was extremely reasonable considering he spent his time in his hands and knees scrubbing each tile.	1	1
The services provided at Fitwall are top notch	2	1
 This location had a few more people (not too much) so I really liked this hospitality and this little touch to make me feel more at home.	2	1
 This is an affordable studio price wise, one of the cheapest.	1	1
His prices were fair, and he was easy to work with.	1	1
Impressive, personalised service and a super efficient workout.	2	1
This gym is very reasonably priced, with very good employees that beat you to the bone, but you only feel it after because you're having such a good time.	1	1
Pretty good location, great customer service and staff.	2	1
I would highly recommend his services to anyone who is serious about improving their skills and having a great time.	2	1
The membership prices are also very reasonable for what you get.	1	1
I received exceptional customer service here, especially from Daniel.	2	1
  Matt was extremely hospitable to us out-of-towners.	2	1
 Not only was he a great coach, he also gave us recommendations of places to dine in the city - super hospitable!	2	1
Everyone is so nice and helpful and the prices are very reasonable.	1	1
Thanks for the great customer service!	2	1
 Training package prices are very reasonable.	1	1
 Good crossfit staff and the price is the best ever in the valley.	1	1
It offers class packages at $150 for 10 classes, $80 for 5, or $280 for 20 classes which I think is an excellent price especially in comparison to other fitness studios that offer similar classes in the downtown core area.	1	1
I like that the prices are super affordable, especially when compared to the membership fees for some other studios.	1	1
 Prices are reasonable for dance\/ fitness in the Phoenix area and I hope I can take in a Yoga or Zumba class myself one day soon!	1	1
The monthly price is fantastic, no contracts, and the program itself is incredible.	1	1
Price and packages are very affordable.	1	1
  It's not a chain so they really care about your well being and have always given me great customer service.	2	1
 Prices were fair and it was done in a day.	1	1
Finally, the intro option is amazing price wise.	1	1
The price is reasonable too!	1	1
Quality training, and fair prices.	1	1
SCCF was close to my house, the price was great, and a friend from school went there and he loved it.	1	1
  The massage therapists are amazing and they have expanded to offer more services.	2	1
Great schedule offerings, reasonable price that is less than a certain national chain, and the vibe is back!	1	1
 The price is right and the membership includes a number of fun and challenging exercise classes throughout the week!	1	1
The class passes come in various size packages and are reasonable in price.	1	1
John and Colby - thanks for your hospitality and will definitely drop in again when I'm in town.	2	1
Basically, everything that I personally could ask for in a club, at a very good price.	1	1
Small class sizes and reasonable prices set it apart from other Crossfit gyms in the area.	1	1
Keep up the great service!	2	1
You will get a high quality workout that is very well-priced in a comfortable low-key studio environment.	1	1
Stacey responding to the review, mistakes can happen to anyone but correcting them and standing behind your company shows excellent customer service.	2	1
I am grateful for, and have benefited from, your work and service.	2	1
The price is reasonable, and there are machines, weights, and space always available.	1	1
 There is great customer service.	2	1
They offered a reasonable price to start their \"On-Ramp\" class so I decided to finally give it a shot.	1	1
Because of the amazing service I have received, I have been successful in my goals.	2	1
Prices for memberships are very reasonable.	1	1
I don't know of any other studio that can match that price structure that offers the quality of services.	2	1
 Their prices are reasonable for the value of the service they provide.	1	1
Peloton is a very welcoming place with kind and skilled instructors, good quality classes and equipment, conveniently located for me, and reasonably priced especially when I get passes on sale.	1	1
 The gym is nice, the prices are fair, and Arturo seems to care about his members and the community in general.	1	1
Glad I found such a reasonable priced gym.	1	1
The customer service at UEC is also the best I've experienced.	2	1
Yes, the building is older as one reviewer put it, but the membership price is really reasonable and it's clean.	1	1
The front desk have always answered all of my questions and always works with all the members to provide good, quality customer service.	2	1
  The prices are totally reasonable, especially for small class sizes.	1	1
I Spent three months working out with him and saw great results at a reasonable price.	1	1
 I highly recommend her services; they are top notch and this girl knows what she is doing!	2	1
The service was so good that I actually felt like I was at my home studio, very comfortable.	2	1
 The price is definitely worth the amount of health & personalized attention you get!	1	1
By far and away these are the best Zumba classes I've ever taken and for a great price.	1	1
Best customer service I received in a very long time.	2	1
 Prices are reasonable and within market value.	1	1
Plus, it's one of the best priced crossfit gyms in the valley.	1	1
Her regular prices are extremely reasonable for what you get out of the experience.	1	1
The price is extremely affordable and I love the month to month contract option you don't get at most other gyms.	1	1
 Thank you for your excellent hospitality.	2	1
The customer service here is fantastic!	2	1
The atmosphere is warm and welcoming, the level of service is outstanding, and the prices are extremely low.	2	1
 GREAT customer service, love the girl that works at the front desk LOL	2	1
Great facility and service!	2	1
The management team run a fantastic gym and give great service..	2	1
 The customer service has always been great for me.	2	1
Once again I received top notch service!	2	1
Great customer service and it's rare to find gyms this clean and also with 4 restrooms\/showers.	2	1
I love its vibe, I love its services, I love its people.	2	1
  Thanks for the wonderful hospitality!	2	1
 The academy offers amazing services for women who are wanting to learn how to play or getting back into the game.	2	1
Thanks for the hospitality, CrossFit Crew!	2	1
Don't waste your money here.	1	0
 Very disappointed this location lacks customer service.	2	0
I find it poor customer service when you're causing payment for services you're not providing.	2	0
The facility does not care about customer service.	2	0
Save yourself the frustration, time and money and find another gym!	1	0
Don't waste your money if u enjoy martial arts classes.	1	0
I was quoted $35\/mo and considering the facility's size and amenities ( or lack thereof) and the local competition within 10mi, it is completely overpriced and not worth it.	1	0
Membership is expensive here as compared to other gym like YMCA or Good life fitness.	1	0
Its not worth the money and Time.	1	0
To me, personally these two gentlemen had no customer service skills and I only say this because if i were on their position, it doesn't matter if I am tending to other guests or I am on my lunch break, I would still make an effort to acknowledge a guest somehow.	2	0
When you call customer service they are rude!	2	0
worst service to when it comes to cancellation and they are misleading people from previous one year that they will open country hills within 2 months and with me its been one year now they are saying next sep.	2	0
So I purchased tanning which is SEVERELY overpriced.	1	0
It's way to pricey for what they offer.	1	0
Honestly not worth the price.	1	0
Both of which were terrible and over-priced.	1	0
For those of you struggling to become a CPT I suggest you save your money and stay away from this program because it's a scam.	1	0
Poor customer services coming from the representatives that don't care about you just your money	2	0
No customer service skills.	2	0
Obviously they just want your money.	1	0
Absolutely horrible customer service when recertifying.	2	0
Save yourself the time, money, and headache and take your business elsewhere.	1	0
 E-teach is a complete joke and a huge waste of money.	1	0
The customer service at this school is completely lacking and the advisors are simply useless.	2	0
If you plan to use the pool DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.	1	0
  NASM is not worth it and way too expensive!	1	0
 What a waste of time and money.	1	0
 Unfortunately, the program was a big disappointment and a total waste of time and money.	1	0
Horrible customer service.	2	0
TURNS OUT TO JUST A VERY EXPENSIVE BOOK WITH ERROR AFTER ERROR.	1	0
Over priced program that will continue to demand money from you for your re-certification (minimum $500 total to re-cert).	1	0
Terrible customer service.	2	0
NASM's costumer service is unacceptable.	2	0
NOT WORTH THE PRICE	1	0
Save yourself the trouble and money and find a better program.	1	0
It was downright a waste of money, though I remained hopeful that it would improve.	1	0
But like all CrossFit facilities - it's overpriced, overcrowded and the cultish.	1	0
Do NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY if you want ot use the pool.	1	0
 Friendly and helpful but not worth the hassle of joining because of the poor customer service at the front desk.	2	0
Not sure why a childrens martial arts school would have to be so expensive...they're only kids.	1	0
Probably the worst customer service I've ever come across.	2	0
Don't waste your time and especially your money.	1	0
DO NOT waste your money if you hope to use the pool.	1	0
If you want to pay crazy prices for personal training, and then get stood up, have absolutely no customer service.	1	0
I'm not sure if she was his girlfriend or what but going was a waste of time and money.	1	0
Save your money and choose another gym.	1	0
I saw an ad  with great prices for microdermabrasion so I thought I'd give this place a try.	1	0
Too expensive they charged me almost 3 dollars for my two year old.	1	0
The training programs are such a waste of money.	1	0
LA Boxing you will Never get your Money!	1	0
I joined in March and I have needed to get out of my contract because I can't afford it anymore for the past couple months, the manager won't work with me to figure out a way to cancel my extremely expensive membership and instead just keeps giving me half ass excuses.	1	0
 Not worth the money or your dignity	1	0
Don't waste your money unless your already in the sport.	1	0
Worst gym and customer service ever!	2	0
Worst customer service.	2	0
poor customer service and argumentary with me.	2	0
Be aware this owner\/operator had delivered argumentative, poor customer service to me.	2	0
 Absolutely the worst customer service I have ever received.	2	0
 Over priced trainer prices!	1	0
Don't waste your time and money on a place that could care less if this is your first or 100 th class.	1	0
Save your money and get a great trainer that will partner with you to reach your fitness goals!	1	0
For this extreme lack of speed and service (on a recurring basis), I can no longer give this place a rating higher than 1.	2	0
Poor poor customer service.	2	0
This gym is the WORST with customer service.	2	0
The bottom line is I will not be recommending anyone to this gym, I'm clearly disappointed in the service and that's why I took the time to write a review and this is my first review EVER...	2	0
I did an unlimited membership ...pricey...	1	0
Low price, low quality.	1	0
What a waste of money and a huge regret.	1	0
 That is stupid and a waste of time, money and a drive over there.	1	0
  Worst customer service I have ever had.	2	0
Way over priced.	1	0
That is 2 months of payments I was being forced to pay because of their lack of working phone lines and terrible customer service.	2	0
 The owner is very poor at customer service and the gym itself tired and gloomy.	2	0
Horrible experience for the extremely expensive price tag.	1	0
The main reason why I left this gym is because the staff are rude and lack customer service skills.	2	0
Customer service is horrible.	2	0
Very disappointed at the customer service I recieved that day...	2	0
I've heard it's the most expensive of the YMCA network and that is definitely unfortunate.	1	0
To over price for gym membership $200 a month.	1	0
 Very bad customer service from the owner himself Mark harriger.	2	0
Horrible customer service.	2	0
First of all they are overly priced and if you try to cancel they try to charge you ridiculous money.	1	0
The absolute WORST customer service at the store level and Head Office that I have EVER experienced 	2	0
 Poor customer service, cheap equipment that has issues and reps that dont have the proper product knopwlegde.	2	0
Lesson learned, albeit an expensive one!	1	0
Turns out, they had signed me up for the most expensive membership which was 29.95, and literally made me pay it.	1	0
very rude customer service.	2	0
If anyone has ever hired a personal trainer, they know that they are expensive but an investment.	1	0
Very bad service very rude argent manger with very bad attitude he lies and miss lead people with false adds	2	0
 This gym is over priced I wish I read the reviews before tempting to join !	1	0
This is a very small and overpriced gym.	1	0
very rude customer service.	2	0
Very bad customer service and never care attitude..	2	0
But obviously good customer service is not their policy.	2	0
Plus, don't get me started on their terrible customer service.	2	0
In what world does that make sense? You've lost a customer FOREVER simply because of your terrible customer service.	2	0
It is overpriced and binds you into a contract that you can't get out of even though you can't workout when it's most convenient for people (after work).	1	0
I love the leggings, but refuse to shop in this store due to the terrible customer service!	2	0
It's also very expensive for an old, run-down facility.	1	0
Very bad customer service.	2	0
It's also pricey for a small gym without a pool and it is always crowded.	1	0
Pretty much they have poor customer service.	2	0
I think it is the worst client service ever in the whole world.	2	0
  Are you kidding me???  Why would I give them more money?  Needless to say, I was shocked and disgusted with the poor customer service and lack of concern for their clients.	2	0
Also expensive prices.	1	0
Given that lack of services rendered for moneys paid, I demanded that LA Fitness immediately refund my entire money for the remainder of my gym and personal trainer memberships.	2	0
however, the service and facilities have subsequently deteriorated significantly.	2	0
HORRIBLE customer service.	2	0
Expensive, lately the air inside is not fresh and they don't turn the AC on.	1	0
Way over-priced for the value you receive.	1	0
 This place is a scam that is over priced....	1	0
Always seem to have issues with billing, equipment usually out of order, horrible customer service.	2	0
 The mother company that manages them is Lift Brands or Lift Brand, they both have horrible customer service and ripped me off!	2	0
I do not recommend and is overpriced.	1	0
Im very disappointed 0 customer service.	2	0
Terrible customer service!	2	0
The people who work at this gym lack customer service at a fundamental level.	2	0
The assistant manager wasn't friendly and lacks customer service skills.	2	0
Very disappointed in the service.	2	0
Awful customer service.	2	0
 Horrible customer service.	2	0
Here's a text my freind gets from the sales guy Tanner after texting him were not interested it's overpriced compared to Anytime Fitness or Talisman	1	0
While the gym has everything you need, it is pricey and the amenities do not justify the $40 bi-weekly price.	1	0
I was displeased with the service and policies over gift card usage at the spa, so I posted my experience on Facebook.	2	0
There is no way to buy out a contract but without a contract the gym is very expensive.	1	0
Getting out of a contract is tedious and expensive.	1	0
I'm giving this gym a bad review because of the horrible customer service I just experienced.	2	0
It's over priced, the meal plan he provides are all common knowledge and nothing you can't research online.	1	0
He is super expensive not worth it!	1	0
These memberships are expensive so you deserve real customer service.	1	0
Worst service I have ever dealt with in any capacity.	2	0
 Terrible service as I tried to use the Facility while my Bethel Park Planet Fitness was under construction from water damage due to extreme flooding in the area!	2	0
 The only reason I am giving this place a 2 star is because of poor customer service.	2	0
Absolutely HORRIBLE customer service.	2	0
The membership is extremely expensive for what you get, in my experience, I've learned more about kickboxing from YouTube videos.	1	0
This gym has the worst customer service, I had paid for first and last month gym membership plus a tanning membership a week later none of the tanning equipment worked.	2	0
By far the absolute worst customer service I have ever seen.	2	0
Their customer service is the worst I've seen anywhere.	2	0
I am glad that we ended our contract as when looking for other gyms I found out that Gold gym was the most expensive gym with definitely the worst customer service.	2	0
I am glad that we ended our contract as when looking for other gyms I found out that Gold gym was the most expensive gym with definitely the worst customer service.	1	0
Horrible customer service.	2	0
 Man those poles are expensive	1	0
Overall shady business practices, unclear pricing,  musty, old, bad crowd, overpriced for competition.	1	0
While he did refund my money, I was appalled at the reaction and lack of customer service.	2	0
Really bad customer Service.	2	0
The worst customer service I have EVER come across!	2	0
The prices are absurd.	1	0
They never fit, were always uglier then your grandmas couch from the 80's, and were ridiculously overpriced.	1	0
Very expensive and robotic workouts.	1	0
Worst kind of service ever and their web link for unsubscribing doesn't even work.	2	0
Lastly, there's a lack of personal service there.	2	0
I'm sure this could be a good opportunity for some, but I feel obligated to warn you of their horrible customer service.	2	0
I understand that it's not under the control of GoodLife, but the front desk person who also was a manager was seriously lacking customer service.	2	0
 This evaluation is meant to upsell you to the personal training sessions which are grossly overpriced before you get your membership.	1	0
1.) When I first started there I fell for the stupid scam of the a \"Free Consultation\", which is just an upselling technique for their way over priced personal trainers.	1	0
I finally got a call from their head office and she was rude and had no customer service.	2	0
Extremely poor customer service at this location.	2	0
This employee having us leave showed an awful example of customer service.	2	0
Absolutely poor customer service at this AF.	2	0
I've never been to a place so expensive and everything about this place is so not worth it.	1	0
And let's be honest, WAY too expensive for kickboxing classes that you can do at LVAC or EOS.	1	0
Very Expensive!	1	0
Chris (the salesperson) asked me to sign up for the most expensive membership and didn't tell me I have other options.	1	0
Expensive and can't get into a class even a month ahead.	1	0
worst customer service.	2	0
Probably the worst customer service I have encountered.	2	0
Rude staff,  poor facility, and at $44 a month extremely over priced.	1	0
 I completely understand the legal implications of these types of contracts but it is really dissatisfying to encounter this lack of customer service and understanding.	2	0
While I appreciate the energy and enthusiasm at this gym, I would not recommend this gym because of the poor customer service.	2	0
It's just such disappointing and greedy customer service.	2	0
This will be my last and final time attending this studio for its poor customer service and find my inner peace elsewhere.	2	0
Absolute WORST place ever for customer service and personal training and would highly recommend not coming here for your fitness training goals.	2	0
 Unprofessional and absolute ignorance on customer service.	2	0
This behavior is unacceptable and poor customer service.	2	0
Terrible customer service , very small gym and people are exercising a few inches from one another.	2	0
Expensive for what they offer.	1	0
They also seem to be short staffed and no customer service skills.	2	0
Great workout, horrible customer service.	2	0
Keep in mind, when you start going here 4awhile say 3-months we did notice that other parents were paying monthly and that would of been better 4 us do I addressed this with the lady at the front desk and she said we do have this option but you wanted a guarantee that they would come in and get instruction and I said yes, just like everyone else and they said well you had to also sign a contract because you wanted to save money because you said it was too expensive.	1	0
The customer service at that location is horrible!	2	0
Ridiculous off-contract prices...	1	0
Goodlife Fitness is overpriced, I was paying too much for the level of service I was receiving.	1	0
 The facility is extremely overpriced relative to its product offering which I can only assume is justified by the fact that the location is in Leaside.	1	0
I do not suggest CorePower- over priced and terrible customer service.	1	0
 She proceeded to quote some ridiculously priced dance packages to us.	1	0
This is a ridiculous price.	1	0
It's so exclusive and expensive for a towel service.	1	0
Classes and memberships are very expensive for what this gym offers.	1	0
Very clicky and overpriced.	1	0
 Their personal trainer\/nutritionalist service is over priced, and the place is always crowded minus weekends.	1	0
It needed some pretty aggressive and expensive meds to get rid of my nephews rash but my son did not respond to them and now we are removing them 3-4 at a time with laser treatment (on his neck and face mind you) out of pocket!	1	0
Over priced and the staff sucks!	1	0
I refused because the training was too expensive, but the manager convinced me to continue by offering to waive the cancellation fee of 10% of the total cost.	1	0
The service was friendly, and the prices are lower than what they ought to be.	2	1
The service was friendly, and the prices are lower than what they ought to be.	1	1
They offer drop in sessions on Tuesday nights in the pool for a great price so it's nice that you can continue practicing even after the course is completed to make sure you are comfortable when you get into open water.	1	1
I thought this course was a overall a great value for the price and would recommend it to anyone who is interested in learning to scuba dive!	1	1
 I've been to a lot of stables with lease and training programs in the east valley and for the price this is bar far the best!	1	1
 There were sooo many pieces to choose from, and prices were affordable.	1	1
 I wish there were services this reliable and stellar in NYC and LA!	2	1
It also helps that there are reasonable prices, and totally worth it!	1	1
And the prices are cheaper then all the other ones in the area.	1	1
Their curriculum is great and you cannot beat the price.	1	1
  The customer service was great from start to finish.	2	1
Great service and friendly.	2	1
The prices are right ad the staff is phenomenal.	1	1
Clean school, good service, fun events, caring staff.	2	1
Reasonable prices, super fast delivery(1.5 hours from my online order), they added a balloon at no cost.	1	1
  Also the prices here are very competitive to other daycares in the area and we've switched several parents on to this place.	1	1
The facility is also very clean, and best of all its reasonably priced.	1	1
Their service is also amazing.	2	1
Prices are lower, possibly to reflect it is a school.	1	1
And if that isn't good enough their prices are the best out there.	1	1
The service is good, and the staff is very friendly.	2	1
The place is organized and the price is extremely reasonable for the kind of care you receive which is 5 stars.	1	1
The customer service from the call into schedule a tour to the front desk and teachers is outstanding!	2	1
  Well worth the price of lessons.	1	1
Their daily featured backed goods are reasonable prices.	1	1
I would recommend using her services if your child is struggling in school.	2	1
Prices are reasonable..	1	1
The price is reasonable with respect to its location, where you will find great convenience if you study at U of T.	1	1
If you are looking for a preschool with a reasonable price you should call them.	1	1
All in all,  Twin Translations and its owners have proven to be one of the best language services providers in Las Vegas, providing an always corteous and professional quality service.	2	1
Excellent customer service Mike is an awesome guy.	2	1
Finding a good tutor at a reasonable price was a nightmare.	1	1
Mike is super easy to work with, has a great price for FFL transfers, and an incredibly knowledgeable guy overall for anything imaginable.	1	1
You get so much by sending your child to this school, at an extremely reasonable price.	1	1
Best price, got us scheduled quickly, and the instructor gave our daughter the driving test so she didn't have to do it at MVD.	1	1
The benefit to parents with this model is a better price point then one on one tutoring.	1	1
 Their prices were very reasonable.	1	1
  what made the experience over the top was the awesome customer service.	2	1
Excellent,professional service	2	1
Great service, good price, close to home!	2	1
Great service, good price, close to home!	1	1
Really great customer service!	2	1
Superb retail shop with fair prices and it helps to know that the retail selection helps birds in need.	1	1
The real star here is the staff and services offered.	2	1
It felt like a real salon experience with a great price!	1	1
There are a tremendous amount of service opportunities available for all ages.	2	1
They also always have a great stock of used instruments, fairly priced.	1	1
The prices here are also great compared to others in the area.	1	1
 I would recommend their services to anyone.	2	1
Their prices are good and their service far surpasses what you would receive at a police station.	2	1
Their prices are good and their service far surpasses what you would receive at a police station.	1	1
In my view, KNIFE is the best shop and service in town.	2	1
Friendly staff and great service!	2	1
The service at Knife was professional.	2	1
  We definitely would use their services again.	2	1
 The price is very reasonable and the staff is very friendly, recommended for all ages.	1	1
 It's a great service approach based on a professional who respects his craft and customers.	2	1
Price is verry affordable and cheaper than other schools I've contacted.	1	1
Excellent service, extremely professional...	2	1
Kevin reviewed the options available and made it easy for me to choose the best service.	2	1
Not having to worry about guests getting drinks was well worth the price, which I thought was very fair anyway.	1	1
Their Ice Service was well worth the cost.	2	1
 Very good value, affordable price.	1	1
The service component of the message is nice to hear and there are always local and international programs that are in need of assistance.	2	1
Superb customer service - everyone from the person who booked our party, the reception, the game marshall - were nothing short of FAN-tastic!	2	1
 Since the items are so reasonably priced we don't pay much attention to the dates on items.	1	1
Our spa gave us students first hands on experience and offered public very affordable and high quality service.	2	1
Great entertainment at a cost effective price.	1	1
 Price was reasonable, and we will be using Shake It Up (and requesting Chris) for other medium-to-large parties we throw.	1	1
The bar was an open bar, and he remembered everyone's drinks, had amazing customer service, and did a great job with no tip jar.	2	1
Price is good, the exhibits well set up, and even if you don't care in the least about sports or Canada's athletes, it's a very fun place to visit.	1	1
The prices & schedules are fair, flexible and hassle free.	1	1
Everything was great with the service.	2	1
He does awesome and great service!	2	1
 I would highly recommend Chris for computer repair and service.	2	1
They will fix any problem you have at a fair price.	1	1
 I have a feeling this place will soon be very popular, and won't need the great prices.	1	1
 I would recommend his services to anyone taking their test soon!	2	1
Prices are great and made shooting interactive.	1	1
Paula is always eager to help and has outstanding customer service!	2	1
 Super nice facility, great store, very good prices and the best of all, I love the dog!	1	1
I was pleased with my services  I will come back again next year.	2	1
It was very easy to schedule and very reasonably priced.	1	1
They provide all the supplies for such a affordable price and the best part; YOU CAN BRING YOUR OWN ALCOHOL!	1	1
Highly recommend their services!	2	1
I was very pleased with my service.	2	1
He made the transaction very easy and the prices are very reasonable.	1	1
 The guest services explained everything perfectly, I think Colton, he was very welcoming.	2	1
 Trans Canada driving school offers the best quality teaching and prices are good.	1	1
Audrey is reasonably priced and very, very accommodating.	1	1
It's a community theater and prices are affordable for everyone.	1	1
 She also loved the service aspect of the trip and especially loved the Rustic staff onsite in Costa Rica.	2	1
We didn't use Groupon, but the class was 3 hours long and I felt the $45 per person price was completely reasonable.	1	1
Also they have such a variety of classes for my daughter I look forward to enrolling her in voice or music at a very reasonable price.	1	1
The price is cheap for the quality of instruction.	1	1
And the price is actually quite affordable.	1	1
The service was very professional and fast.	2	1
Also it's a pretty good price for the classes she gets.	1	1
The quality of the service was fantastic.	2	1
 I am so used to super-high priced daycares with mediocre service, but KidTown LV has already exceeded my expectations.	1	1
 Had a very relaxing time and the service was just so great and the staff is so very sweet and caring	2	1
Also- the price is great (we spend as much a week as we would spend a day having someone come to the house).	1	1
Their prices are very reasonable compared to other schools, plus it's locally owned and operated.	1	1
This company goes above and beyond in the name of excellence in legal services.	2	1
Great place to learn art at a reasonable price.	1	1
The daycare is fairly priced and considerably cheaper than the overpriced Tudor Time down the street and doesn't have the \"prison\" feel the Suzy Mommy Bear does as well.	1	1
 I've always received great customer service and product advice from them.	2	1
Great service owner and staff were really pleasant.	2	1
Went in for a massage and facial extremely happy with both services	2	1
 They are super reasonably priced and their tutors are knowledgeable and courteous.	1	1
Always satisfied with speed & service.	2	1
I would absolutely recommend them and service they provide deserves 5 stars.	2	1
 The price was also very reasonable, and I've had my hair done not nearly as well for a lot more money in over-priced salons.	1	1
Amazing acupuncture at reasonable prices!	1	1
Nice acupuncture clinic, reasonably priced and  great healing atmosphere.A+++	1	1
I could write a small novel regarding the top notch service from Alex\/Euvori Aquatics and the work he completed on my pool.	2	1
Highly recommend  their services - always on time, courteous and available.	2	1
Honestly this service is beyond incredible.	2	1
I expect professionalism and compassion and I am completely satisfied with the services SW Autism & Behavioral  Solutions provides for my family.	2	1
The RAL academy provides great value for the price.	1	1
The items and craft kits for sale are very reasonably priced.	1	1
Great local business proving a great service for people that need to improve their driving skills.	2	1
Also compared to other classes in Dallas it was very reasonable priced.	1	1
The enrollment was reasonably price and the daily rate was amazing.	1	1
Fantastic little shop with outstanding customer service.	2	1
Best place to get the best prices on your textbooks!	1	1
Shop is clean and all the customers I saw seemed happy with the service.	2	1
The prices are reasonable , center very kid friendly environment and my child really looks forward to going everyday  he has learned a lot in the short time he has been here and I'm happy and thankful I found this place the director is Awesome!	1	1
Picked up my firearm transfer from Don at Arrow Security today and extremely happy with the friendly customer service and price.	2	1
Picked up my firearm transfer from Don at Arrow Security today and extremely happy with the friendly customer service and price.	1	1
This little restaurant offers  worldly cuisine for very affordable prices.	1	1
I find the classes to be very reasonably priced, the studios are large and in good condition, and all of the staff is great.	1	1
Will work with your insurance or cash at a very reasonable price.	1	1
All at a reasonable price.	1	1
  I am grateful for their service!	2	1
  The young female students were so nice and  the  price is very inexpensive for such lovely services.	2	1
No matter what the service is always good and prices cannot be beat!	1	1
He offers in home training at a more than reasonable price.	1	1
Super professional, reasonably priced and overall great people to do business with.	1	1
They do 2 for 1 class deals which are such a good price for what you learn and you get to take home the product you make.	1	1
They have the best price I have found in all of Phoenix.	1	1
Price for the week was EXTREMELY reasonable.	1	1
They issue the F-1 visas for full time students and you can also come as a tourist and watch the classes for a more affordable price.	1	1
Upon my arrival I was greeted with outstanding customer service.	2	1
 Nice place, huge selection, good prices and a friendly staff.	1	1
Staff is always friendly, knowledgeable, and provide immediate service.	2	1
 We were at Cirillos for a team building dinner, and I was thoroughly impressed by the interior (I WANT MY KITCHEN TO LOOK LIKE THIS), the warm welcome and the prompt friendly service.	2	1
 The have reasonable prices on ammo and a small selection of assessories.	1	1
Rooms are clean and comfortable and the price is a great value.	1	1
Megan the owner is great with the kids and she also has great customer service.	2	1
  I feel that you'll get the same knowledgeable service regardless of your instrument.	2	1
Absolutely well worth the price, if you have any doubts just go for it, you will not regret it.	1	1
The prices are fair, diapers and formula are included which adds a lot of value.	1	1
  The price and services available were reasonable.	2	1
  The price and services available were reasonable.	1	1
You can not beat the price and the service.	2	1
You can not beat the price and the service.	1	1
I have no complaints about them and only praises for their professional and friendly service!	2	1
The service was very thorough and she knew exactly what products she was putting on me and what they did for my skin (since I have sensitive skin) I'll definitely be coming back with her!	2	1
Just signed my son up, the customer service was awesome!	2	1
Outstanding service for a fair price!	2	1
Outstanding service for a fair price!	1	1
This school provides a well rounded education for any service professional or anyone new to the service industry.	2	1
All in all, it's a fantastic price for high quality product and work.	1	1
We have been using Las Vegas electrician since we moved here in 2009 we have had nothing but great service from every technician to come out and help us in our house we we can lighting ceiling fans new outlets put in in addition to having more wiring put in support our AC unit.	2	1
 I've found my match  I organize so many events for my company but no other caterer comes close when it comes to incentive menus, delicious food, superior service and fabulous decor design.	2	1
Hands down superb service from start to finish.	2	1
I appreciate the quality of service, and passion that exudes beyond the finished product.	2	1
 Prices are reasonable and snacks are cheap.	1	1
I wanted a nail salon where I could enjoy the atmosphere and conversation AND get a great service.	2	1
  Also, prices are reasonable for the quality.	1	1
The lunches served by an outside contractor are excellent as is the service provided by the ammunition supplier.	2	1
For the price and the awesomeness of the instructors, it's worth it!	1	1
 Thanks for a wonderful day and an unforgettable and priceless experience.	1	1
 And the prices are amazingly  affordable for what you get compared to what I've found other places to be at.	1	1
 Best service I have ever received from a nail salon.	2	1
Price is great and my daughter loves Kiddie Kampus.	1	1
My son has so much fun here and it is a reasonable price too!	1	1
Great Gym for family at affordable price.	1	1
 I was getting pretty discouraged at the high prices of Chicago photographers, until we visited Bryan Swisher.	1	1
 I was thrilled that his prices are reasonable, he doesn't require that you sign up for expensive packages or albums upfront and his pictures are BEAUTIFUL.	1	1
 The school told me he is boy, he will catch up or he may qualify for special services.	2	1
This is a great place to come and get good service where the instructors are always around.	2	1
 Most wedding photographers were out of our price range.	1	1
  Not only were his prices reasonable, he worked hard to make sure that the photos he took were what we wanted as a couple.	1	1
The price is very accessible as breakfast and lunch are provided.	1	1
Thankful for the price and the customer service and bedside manner.	2	1
I'm very impressed with their services!	2	1
I was pleased with my service and would go again.	2	1
Great service,  I'm sure that without them my daughter wouldn't be driving yet.	2	1
I highly recommend them for their cheer services!	2	1
 ALL services are FREE and patients are allowed one visit every 3-6 months.	2	1
 Thank you Carrington College for making this such a wonderful and valuable service!	2	1
 They're all very knowledgeable about their goods and services.	2	1
 They have the excellent customer service.	2	1
I will start off by saying I've had nothing but great service!	2	1
Her students give great services from a mani down to a pedi.	2	1
The service is always great and they're so so friendly (especially the location nearby the library).	2	1
I especially like the service and staff.	2	1
His attention to detail and great service will keep me coming back.	2	1
I've searched high and low for recert programs as discovered this company to have been the best option for me, excellent customer service and follow up, guidance to the proper course and pricing is extremely a bonus.	2	1
Also, for the low price, the service is unbeatable!	2	1
Their customer service is outstanding...	2	1
I have had great service and after-sale service, but was dealing with 2 of the girls working there.	2	1
They have absolutely no customer service.	2	0
You pay a lot more money, it's EXPENSIVE AS FUCK.	1	0
save yourself some time and money and go to an objective professional.	1	0
for sure not worth the price!	1	0
Do not give them your money unless you are sure you are going to enroll your child.	1	0
Save yourself the time and money and go somewhere where the owners care about their customers and potential customers.	1	0
I was ready to pay the high prices if it fit my needs.	1	0
  Over priced workout.	1	0
 They rendered no more services, did no more work, processed no more paperwork to earn that $90.	2	0
The bus service is horrible.	2	0
No tour of the facility, no \"thank you for coming in\", no questions about my child, bad service.	2	0
 Instructors don't show up for lessons and customer service is AWFUL!	2	0
This is a expensive program that you chose to enroll your child into.	1	0
They offer poor quality service and I would never recommend this school to anyone.	2	0
Poorest customer service I have ever seen.	2	0
Terrible customer service and rude professors.	2	0
Very poor services!	2	0
Her customer service is lacking and should definitely be worked on when handling parents in person or on the phone.	2	0
I have never had service this bad before.	2	0
There prices are very affordable!	1	0
My fair warning to you	1	0
Bad customer service.	2	0
During the wedding, several family members and guests received poor service and a bad attitude from the bartender.	2	0
This place has the worse customer service...	2	0
Like I said worse service	2	0
Active learning appears to have changed locations at least three times, why with such high prices can they not maintain a lease?	1	0
 It is overpriced and incompassionate.	1	0
Afterwards, he wanted to paint one of those cool overpriced porcelain statues.	1	0
This is very expensive for what it is but I decided to register with them because they are close to my workplace.	1	0
 Incompetent, tacky and tasteless services offered.	2	0
This place is filthy & way overpriced.	1	0
Very bad customer service on his part.	2	0
Bad customer service!	2	0
Terrible, terrible customer service.	2	0
This is an expensive treatment that we didn't discuss during my consultation.	1	0
 This school offers no value except if your looking for a very expensive babysitting service.	1	0
Talk about horrible customer service.	2	0
  overpriced, not classy, certainly not catering to the ladies.	1	0
Very expensive!	1	0
Very expensive for what you get!	1	0
WORST customer service ever!	2	0
This might be the most expensive daycare in town and we expected something resembling real education and real engagement for the money we pay--especially for two kids!	1	0
Their customer service is terrible.	2	0
The experience wasn't as \"hands on\" as I had hoped and the service from the young women there got increasing worse.	2	0
 Or can even finds job that pays enough to repay the loans for this overpriced school.	1	0
Please don't use this service or you will seriously regret a big mistake you can't take back.	2	0
Very unprofessional customer service needs major improvement!	2	0
Do not go here for services!	2	0
 Despite the horrible service I left a tip on my card.	2	0
This is our third year with Sonoran and I have to say that I am very disappointed with the bus services they have incorporated.	2	0
The facility itself is disgusting and the customer service is rude.	2	0
So with that being the case, why is it so difficult to get back if the service we are receiving are so bad? What are they spending their time on in these offices?	2	0
The absolute worst customer service I have ever seen in a store.	2	0
 Over-priced for what you get.	1	0
Not to mention they are grossly overpriced.	1	0
Worst customer service from front desk and guy manager.	2	0
The facility itself is disgusting and the customer service is horrible.	2	0
The worst customer phone service I have experienced in my lifetime to date.	2	0
We decided that Tutor Time was just too expensive and their policies SUCK so we decided to switch and heard good and bad things about Susies Mama Bear.	1	0
Over priced, unpleasant \"teachers\" and directors, FILTHY, and neglectful.	1	0
I was an independent contractor for MyComputerCareer, drafting policies and procedures  and was NEVER Paid for my services.	2	0
The service I made an appointment for was not the service they set up for.	2	0
horrible service.	2	0
 The first was a facial a couple of years ago where the esthetician was less than engaged in my service.	2	0
 The service was lack luster and when I followed up with an email and i the survey advising I would like to hear back, it was radio silence - never heard back.	2	0
That is two opportunities lost -  clearly customer service is not a priority for this franchise.	2	0
This was EXTREMELY expensive.	1	0
I would not recommend her services to anyone.	2	0
Worst service experience when doing my daughter's registration (enrollment) for Fall.	2	0
way overpriced for that lack luster service.	1	0
I had a negative customer service experience with this business.	2	0
She is all about taking money without providing a service.	2	0
Terrible customer service.	2	0
Overall a bad experience with deceptive marketing and complete lack of customer service.	2	0
This school is expensive, even for the most basic services.	1	0
This is based on the service that I never did receive.	2	0
Terrible return policies and unhelpful customer service.	2	0
So crazy expensive and very rude.	1	0
A school that provide an over priced worthless education.	1	0
- College preparation\/counseling services are abysmal.	2	0
Nice layout Bad customer service.	2	0
I just couldn't afford to keep paying for this over-priced school and the demand for equipment every other month!	1	0
Very slow service.	2	0
This school is overpriced for the quality of driving instruction that they provide, I would suggest paying a little more money and going to another school!	1	0
for instance, i bought with my money--- on their stupid lasagna meal which not only is overpriced but small AF	1	0
The services at Brain Balance were absolutely nothing as they were described.	2	0
Terrible return policies and unhelpful customer service.	2	0
The courses are very expensive from 27000, 34000, 41000 and 59000.	1	0
I am very disappointed with this level customer service and although the drive is longer I suggested going to Guitar Center in Pineville or Sam Ash on Tyvola.	2	0
To put it simply, it is an over-priced, unorganized mess, and unfortunately, many of us were manipulated into this scam.	1	0
The education is very expensive and very mediocre to say the least.	1	0
Everyone is nice but only when attending and your paying it is more like an over priced day care.	1	0
I got a job yes but the school is overpriced for the quality of education they give they try to con you into the school and make you take out a bunch of predatory loans.	1	0
 Company is the worst in customer service.	2	0
The absolute worst customer service of any hotels in the area.	2	0
Pottery is extremely overpriced compared to other places and not a large selection.	1	0
TURNS OUT TO JUST A VERY EXPENSIVE BOOK WITH ERROR AFTER ERROR	1	0
I would not recommend Rean Cross of Lucina Birth Services.	2	0
Bad service that school has treated us very poorly as we gave all the paper and supplies for the teachers	2	0
I have NEVER experienced such horrible customer service in my life.	2	0
The classes are way too expensive, not really challenging at all, and you're forced to take some classes that are worthless.	1	0
I feel that OU is all about making there quotas for the month so that they can get their yearly bonuses and you will not use your quota with an attitude or poor customer service on me.	2	0
I'm 100% disappointed with their customer service & how they did not do anything to make the situation right just a simple \"hey sorry class is canceled pick another\".	2	0
Do not use this service.	2	0
We had a terrible experience with this placement service and in dealing with Bradford Gaylord.	2	0
 finished up my course after seven months of starting it because of the awful customer service and inconvenience.	2	0
the worst customer service I have ever had.	2	0
This is my full experience and I suggest not coming here because it's so expensive and for nothing.	1	0
they are overpriced for what they \"teach\" you.	1	0
Don't waste your time at this over priced high school drama \"college\".	1	0
This is a long delay considering that the courses are expensive and searching for a career is a priority.	1	0
It's far too expensive, the job market for game\/graphic design is shaky at best and the pay for those jobs will hardly make a dent in your student loans.	1	0
Either a scam or simply terrible customer service.	2	0
What a scam and awful customer service!	2	0
Staff are extremely rude, service is slow, very busy and the test route is very busy always.	2	0
Horrible customer service.  Manager walked around with 2 guns on his hip and fake cop badge that read \"top flight security \".	2	0
Overpriced,  underwhelmed by the atmosphere and offended by the management.  Never again,  please don't patronize this establishment.	1	0
I definitely would not recommend this place for any nail services.	2	0
Be warned, this place is expensive and receiving payment is their primary objective.	1	0
Unbelievably bad service.	2	0
Very poor customer service and I felt very misled.	2	0
They make you pay for a package upfront, which is convenient for them as they feel free to provide the worst service you've ever gotten after they get your money.	2	0
Rude staff, slow service, and an absurdly far away location.	2	0
I went through the accelerated EMT course and I can not say enough terrible things about this place, the teaching was substandard, the customer service was substandard, the professional etiquette of the staff was substandard, the grading procedures were substandard.	2	0
Even though it was one of the most expensive schools out there I thought it would be the best alternative to high school for my daughter who has ADHD, I was very wrong.	1	0
Really really poor customer helpdesk service.	2	0
 This place has horrible customer service.	2	0
Horrible customer service.	2	0
Ridiculously overpriced parts and firearms.	1	0
This school has lied about everything non stop, with the worst customer service, but the worst part is you're paying for NOTHING.	2	0
I am very disappointed from the services I received from AAMCO driving school instructor and owner, named Sara.	2	0
Poor services and poor customer service.	2	0
Absolute worst service I've ever received.	2	0
They should get the award for worst service.	2	0
This is unreasonable and very very poor service.	2	0
This is just an overpriced daycare.	1	0
 circles a day, and most of the time I felt like it was an expensive day care.	1	0
This school is expensive and very structured way to structured for toddlers!	1	0
The school has a deal with a tool company, so the only tools sold in the equipment shop are overpriced tool kits from this company.	1	0
All employees who work there don't even taking care of student, they always provide such a very bad services no matter by phone or in person.	2	0
Terrible customer service to potential clients.	2	0
A very aggressive sales team trying to sell you a very expensive program with timeshare selling tactics.	1	0
 Service and customer care is really lacking and they have no regard for people's time.	2	0
 They do have some nice selections, but their selections are limited, and overpriced.	1	0
Overpriced, unresponsive, high-pressure sales, and do not follow through when they say they will correct a situation.	1	0
Also they are overpriced, even my kid can do better.	1	0
Poor customer service.	2	0
very expensive, and requires the parent to do all the work.	1	0
Worst customer service.	2	0
Overall, a poor customer service experience, and for the sake of some clay they have lost a customer for good, and perhaps this review will turn some people away as well.	2	0
I am writing today to complain of the poor service that I received from Marca College at the Dixie location on April 12th , 2016.	2	0
 They are way overpriced and the curriculum is not only confusing but very disorganized.	1	0
You will save the lost money and total lack of customer service experience by going there.	2	0
As others have mentioned, the customer service is the worst.	2	0
 Horrible service, they send this consultation letters in the mail to lure you into their office offering free consultation.	2	0
An outside expert was brought into resuscitate the math program, but their recommendations were rejected as being too expensive.	1	0
I ultimately signed up for their most expensive package.	1	0
Besides my eye brows looking really bad, my review is more based on the poor customer service.	2	0
Because I have had plenty of bad services in my life but didn't give them a bad review because even though the result wasn't great, I was provided good customer service.	2	0
Over priced I dropped a class after one week and a day they said they had to charge me for the entire course 5,600.00 Dollars for one week and one day ridiculous.	1	0
I looked into this school for my husband back in October and found it kind of pricey.	1	0
 Can't speak for the styling but the business itself is poorly run and customer service is terrible.	2	0
Terrible service unorganized and unfriendly staff!	2	0
 This is clearly a money making scheme and way over priced physical\/occupational therapy done by people who are not even trained to the rigorous standards required to be a PT\/OT.	1	0
 If All Around Learning Center conducts business by ignoring potential customers, I can only imagine the dissatisfaction experienced by those who've already paid their unreasonably priced fees.	1	0
It's way, way too expensive; these colleges are like a vampire sucking your cash artery.	1	0
This college is overpriced and the so called \"adviser's\" are nothing more than a used car salesperson.	1	0
I do not recommend this place, this place was not cheap or super expensive more in the middle.	1	0
Overpriced tuition 27,000$.	1	0
 It is not only over priced it offers inadequate instructions and terrible customer service!	1	0
Seriously? Then how much a the new parking cost, and how they want new awnings but are so expensive.	1	0
 Super expensive and it's not worth the time or money.	1	0
It's extremely expensive and for what?	1	0
Would not recommend for a multitude of reasons	1	0
Don't be fooled by this overpriced college they just want the money and don't care about students	1	0
Its really expensive and I get no value from the calls, I felt I've been tricked into signing up with them and they are only going after my money.	1	0
Jack of Sports is very expensive for children's swim lessons, but we assumed that the cost would be reflected in the instruction.	1	0
if it can even be called a educational institution, it is extremely over priced!	1	0
Really expensive for the training I got that I could of got somewhere else for 1\/3 the price and plenty of people got jobs at the same place as me with the other schools that cost way less.	1	0
Very disappointing for the money I spent.	1	0
  Do not waste your money sending your child here.	1	0
Don't waste your money or your time.	1	0
Save your money and your time, don't go here.	1	0
 I do not want to waste anyone's time or money.	1	0
Do not even give this school any of your time or money.	1	0
What a waste of my time and money!	1	0
All in all, this was a HUGE waste of a month and a big waste of money.	1	0
It's not worth the hassle or money.	1	0
  Just a waste of money.	1	0
I'm sorry I wasted my money and time going to this place and I'm always willing to help students out, but never been treated this horribly at any hair establishment whether school or salon.	1	0
Who failed at teaching a single PCT class is leading the students into a waste of time and money!	1	0
 Yes it is expensive, but the worst part is the chaotic class schedules and there is absolutely no value in the money you are spending.	1	0
Not worth the money.	1	0
you are wasting your time and money.	1	0
Overall Delta West Academy is an appalling excuse for a private academy with a lack of teachers who understand the students and an extremely high price for an extremely low quality education.	1	0
A complete waste of time and money.	1	0
Instead, I wasted my money and my time with them.	1	0
  The price was horrible.	1	0
The prices are also very fair...	1	1
Best prices and best haircuts! I have had two haircuts here and am going back for a third very soon.	1	1
The new manager Kelly also does facial services and very knowledgeable of her products, my friend had her face done and just loved it!	2	1
Amazing service! If you want someone truly passionate about their craft Alexus is your girl! Her designs are always on point and you'll leave happy every time!	2	1
 The price is also very reasonable, which helps when you're hairy and on a STRICT budget!	1	1
Fast service and understood customer's needs very well.	2	1
Great service and she is fun too!	2	1
The services aren't cheap, but they are top notch.	2	1
They do an absolute fantastic job, very low prices and A+ customer service.	1	1
I have been coming here for over a year now because of the service.	2	1
I was really happy with the service at Icone.	2	1
The atmosphere is really relaxing, and on Wednesday's, they have lots of services half price.	2	1
I'd recommend her to anyone looking for color service.	2	1
An inexpensive price for a great cut! If you are a regular guy (and don't need mimosas served as you wait for your cut) and need your hair cut at least monthly.	1	1
All 3 services were perfect!	2	1
Very friendly staff and fair prices.	1	1
I definitely recommend coming here for friendly service and amazing hair!	2	1
Also very affordable prices.	1	1
I was very happy with my mani\/ pedi and the service was excellent.	2	1
Great customer service and very accommodating.	2	1
The price was cheap and the end result was acceptable.	1	1
She has first time waxer deals, student discounts (go sundevils), and great prices!	1	1
Haircuts are great and at a fair price.	1	1
They were extremely friendly and kind here! Excellent service, fixed my broken nail and did an amazing job! Plus, so affordable!	2	1
Fast service, the woman who did my hair was great and it was the cheapest hair cut I've ever gotten.	2	1
Highly recommend her services.	2	1
To top all this off, Exclusive's prices are extremely fair.	1	1
You are personally pampered and receive a VERY high quality service every time.	2	1
They also are experts in hair extensions and hair restoration should you need those services.	2	1
It has the feel of a high end spa but the prices are affordable.	1	1
Finally, found an amazing nail salon that gives great service, consistently.	2	1
 They all seem to be genuinely happy to service you.	2	1
 It's always clean, the prices are more than reasonable, and no matter who does your nails.	1	1
 Awesome service, great prices and just a fun place to hang out.\n\nEdit	2	1
 Awesome service, great prices and just a fun place to hang out.\n\nEdit	1	1
I just left and had the most refreshing microdermabrasion service! 	2	1
Her prices are great ($40 for a cut!), and she's very flexible when it comes to accomodating my schedule.	1	1
 Even the price was extremely reasonable.	1	1
Nicely decorated and has great service.	2	1
The prices are also very reasonable.	1	1
Considering that the quality of service and atmosphere are so much better than the usual crappy salon, the prices at Exclusive are super reasonable.	2	1
Considering that the quality of service and atmosphere are so much better than the usual crappy salon, the prices at Exclusive are super reasonable.	1	1
 I called around and researched quite a few places and was really pleased with the overall customer service and individual attention we received.	2	1
 Prices are more than reasonable.	1	1
Great cx service.	2	1
Ask for Serena if you want outstanding service and color.	2	1
$36 for a mani-pedi is a good deal with fast, friendly service.	2	1
My review is based in esthetics only as I have never tried their hair services.	2	1
Raza was really kind and helpful, and gave me a brand new screen at an extremely reasonable price.	1	1
My phone looks brand new and I'm really happy with the customer service here.	2	1
I've gotten a majority of my tattoos here and was provided with the best service I've seen in the industry.	2	1
Good friendly service.	2	1
Price is very reasonable.	1	1
But like finding a great restaurant, the service is at least equal to the quality of food.	2	1
The new ownership makes you feel you got a good treat.	2	1
A good price to get a haircut	1	1
I went in to get a mani\/pedi and was pleasantly surprised by the quality of service.	2	1
Firstly, amazing customer service everyone there seems very friendly, inviting and nice.	2	1
Everyone once in a while you'll get a scalp massage from a hairdresser, and sometimes there's a TV on somewhere, but at MVP Modern Barbers there's also a complimentary drink (I assume coffee or cola) and a hot towel and straight razors and great service.	2	1
For a great haircut at a decent price, and great priced hair products, I would definitely recommend Green Apple.	1	1
We came here for the amazing price, but were keeping our expectations low.	1	1
With such great prices, we were able to get a couple's 90 min massage.	1	1
 Her prices are very reasonable and she has great rapport with her customers.	1	1
Best price in town for the best haircut in town.	1	1
 VIP prices very reasonable and no contract required.	1	1
My manicure is one of my top five best ever (I've had a million) and they have wonderful customer service.	2	1
From hair to massage, you will get fantastic service and results.	2	1
Great experience, clean an neat nail job, ask for Annie she knows what shes doing and the lady before me had super cute nails also!!! Would return to shop, I live in another state but highly recommend her services!	2	1
Very clean salon with great service!!	2	1
So friendly, amazing customer service, just an absolute pleasure.	2	1
Great price, amazing services, clean environment..	2	1
 We will definitely be coming back for both the very reasonable prices ($45 for a haircut - half the price of nearby salons) and the professional service.	2	1
 We will definitely be coming back for both the very reasonable prices ($45 for a haircut - half the price of nearby salons) and the professional service.	1	1
I cannot speak enough for the skill, attention to detail, and out right great service I received! Barber Anthony edged up my son really well.	2	1
This is a great Day spa with many other spa services.	2	1
Great prices and very friendly services, always finds out exactly what you want upfront.	2	1
Great prices and very friendly services, always finds out exactly what you want upfront.	1	1
  I am always happy with the services I receive.	2	1
Great service, friendly staff, perfect hair cuts.	2	1
And thank you Kent for your amazing service when Kim is away.	2	1
The price is very reasonable and the people are really nice.	1	1
Massage Life & Wellness is one offers one of the best massage services around.	2	1
 I've known Stephanie for a few years and she has been consistent in her professionalism, service, and passion for growing her knowledge around therapeutic & deep tissue massage.	2	1
 The staff is always friendly, the booking is a breeze and service is always professional.	2	1
Good service and fair prices, this was the first place I've been to where the lady was able to read my body.	2	1
Good service and fair prices, this was the first place I've been to where the lady was able to read my body.	1	1
great location, fantastic service.	2	1
Best Barbershop in Charlotte period, I've been going there for about 2 years now and it's always great service.	2	1
Always fun and excellent service at Vanessa Nails.	2	1
Staff is friendly and provide very good quality service.	2	1
I just love it! And her prices are great.	1	1
They offer many services and they are local friendly.	2	1
Her price was excellent for the work, significantly cheaper than full-out salons and it comes with a real client\/stylist relationship with a really cool lady who's very much a people person.	1	1
I would strongly her services for natural hair colors, funky colors, cuts, and I'm sure her makeup services are outstanding as well.	2	1
Great service and friendly, skilled nail technicians.	2	1
Great service and friendly costumer service.	2	1
 Good prices and very friendly!	1	1
Prices are comparable to others in the area but I will continue to come here just for the good service and sanitary environment.	2	1
He absolutely loved the treatment, attention and service.	2	1
 I love deluxe nails! Great price and the staff is friendly.	1	1
 Prices are about standard to other salons in the area.	1	1
Staff are fun, professional and excellent at the services they provide.	2	1
 My trim was great value at a cheap price.	1	1
 The price was a bit much, but I know what Botox can cost over the cost of a year, so thanks to Danielle we were able to get the product at a very reasonable price.	1	1
  She clearly knows what she's doing and her prices are VERY reasonable.	1	1
 As a kicker, the price is really reasonable!	1	1
 My second tattoo there great place clean friendly good prices take time to listen to you on what you are wanting.	1	1
 The price is very affordable.	1	1
Affordable and great quality service!!!	2	1
 He's reasonably priced and a wonderful stylist.	1	1
I loved the service and the place was very clean and well kept.	2	1
 The price was comparable to most fills and I was in and out of there in no time.	1	1
 So, the next time I let her touch up the color on my hair and again, great job and great price.	1	1
  You never feel rushed, she makes sure that you're happy with the cut in progress, and the price can't be beat!	1	1
When I first walked in my nails were horrible only this couple Tina and Kevin are the one who I can trust and the one who can take care of my nails super professionally great service great prices I don't think you can beat this place	2	1
When I first walked in my nails were horrible only this couple Tina and Kevin are the one who I can trust and the one who can take care of my nails super professionally great service great prices I don't think you can beat this place	1	1
So happy with their customer service professionalism, manners, positive attitude.	2	1
Service	2	1
they really know their stuff! great prices and proffesional work.	1	1
The facility is very clean and price very reasonable for high quality of service.	1	1
Prices are very fair, work is excellent and workers are friendly and nice.	1	1
But all in all I would definately recommend giving them a try and the prices are good.	1	1
His prices are reasonable as well! Highly recommend.	1	1
Excellent prices, friendly, I would recommend making a reservation.	1	1
I will continue to go here as the service is friendly and the price is cost effective on my wallet!	1	1
The price is reasonable, the staff is wonderful, parking is parking in Lawrenceville.	1	1
 They are nice, always smile when I come in, VERY reasonably priced (much better than all those 'pretenders' who SAY they are inexpensive) and quick - oh my gosh, the guy is fantastic!	1	1
This is a great place with reasonable prices.	1	1
Prices are reasonable & her professionalism & knowledge made me feel very comfortable.	1	1
I've visited several salons in the cleveland area and this is by far the best quality- and it's extremely reasonably priced too!	1	1
The prices are very reasonable.	1	1
 The prices are competitive and the staff is nice.	1	1
 If you're looking for a good, old school barber shop, with friendly folk, very reasonable prices, and consistently good haircutting, no matter which chair you land in, then look no further, Floyd's is your joint.	1	1
Possibly the best haircut I've ever got in Calgary at a relatively inexpensive price point.	1	1
The price was great too! I'll definitely be back!	1	1
First time here and it was great!	1	1
Jen was amazing! Not pushy, great prices, easy to talk to, and made me look and feel great! Will refer and come back!	1	1
Prices are reasonable and sometimes they have $10 specials!	1	1
Her prices are more than fair.	1	1
Prices are good and they offer a number of services- nails shellac etc.	1	1
Reasonable prices, high quality styling.	1	1
she is very reasonably priced, and does a such a good job of making you feel so pretty.	1	1
 Prices are reasonable, the deluxe pedi is my favorite.	1	1
Prices are reasonable and definitely a good deal for the end product.	1	1
 I would recommend her to anyone looking for a reasonably priced, extremely talented hair and makeup artist.	1	1
Everyone in the salon is super friendly and the price is very reasonable.	1	1
For women I thought their prices were quite reasonable.	1	1
Prices are just like every other nail place, 5 stars for sure!	1	1
Price are pretty much compatible with everybody else!	1	1
Her prices are completely reasonable and she's super talented, definitely recommend!	1	1
The prices are very affordable, I know this as I'm there ever week...	1	1
And their prices are very reasonable, especially if you buy a package.	1	1
The prices are good.	1	1
Her prices were very reasonable and she does above and beyond quality work.	1	1
Prices were decent.	1	1
Very good prices $35 for my set!	1	1
LIFE had the best prices in town and will beat all competitor prices.	1	1
 Her prices are very reasonable and her studio is clean.	1	1
Price was nice too.	1	1
Decent prices excellent service.	1	1
Nice, clean place with affordable prices!	1	1
I wouldn't go anywhere else!!! Jessica takes great care of my hair, very personable, and great prices.	1	1
As for the prices, they are not expensive at all.	1	1
Prices are fair and comparable to other salons, but I love how bright and clean Polished Salon is.	1	1
Plus you can't beat the price.	1	1
This place has good prices, great staff, and a fun place to be.	1	1
First time here and my pedi was great and prices are reasonable.	1	1
Best manicure and pedicure experience I've ever had, and for a good price.	1	1
 Added additional serivces which I am very pleased with the results.	2	1
She has great customer service skills and makes you feel incredibly comfortable!	2	1
I'm super impressed with the service I got here.	2	1
Had great friendly service from Epsy today! Lots of great sales and ideas for clients Christmas gifts.	2	1
Amazing service and very friendly hair stylists!	2	1
Barb offers the highest level of customer service.	2	1
Everyone was very personable with great customer service skills!  couldn't have asked for anything else.	2	1
Hair Excellence definitely isn't an inexpensive place (although it's certainly not exorbitant, either), but the service and treatment I receive is one of the best values around.	2	1
Best pedicure ever, have had 3 before in Canada and they didn't compare to the friendly service and vast list of the things they did to my feet and legs, will tell all my friends to try it	2	1
Awesome product and even better customer service.	2	1
I would highly recommend her services to anyone who is looking to have their eyebrows done to perfection!	2	1
Fantastic location, good hours, and barbers that are on point with scheduling and customer service.	2	1
Quick service, polite staff, all good.	2	1
Great customer service, nice atmosphere and great prices!	2	1
I always walk away happy with pretty toes, great service and honestly, a price that's fair and reasonable.	2	1
Great service and Lynn does a wonderful job on her pedicures!	2	1
 Always great service and RMs at this location.	2	1
I love it so much! The people who work there have amazing customer service and are so friendly.	2	1
AMAZING service, reasonable prices, friendly and professional staff.	2	1
 Secret's is great - relatively easy to get an appt, they stay on schedule and prices are reasonable for the quality of service.	2	1
Great customer service the ladies made you feel very comfortable.	2	1
I was impressed with the price and amazing friendly service.	2	1
Service is friendly and the atmosphere is relaxing.	2	1
I have been seeing them for about a year now, sent friends, family and purchased gift certificates for services for people I love.	2	1
The service was very friendly and their mani pedi job is amazing.	2	1
I've been here multiple times over the past year or so and have always been given fantastic service.	2	1
 I highly recommend their services and suggest good communication since not all scalps are created equal.	2	1
Professional and friendly service.	2	1
Thanks again for the great service and prices are good too!!	2	1
Great customer service, friendly staff and clean salon.	2	1
but it is absolutely not ok to not let your clients with appointments know about it! Terrible customer service at this place! I won't be back.	2	0
Horrible service.	2	0
Inexperienced staff and overall overpriced for all services.	1	0
Service has gotten worse and so impersonal.	2	0
The value of services and amenities is not worth the $$$.	2	0
 The worst customer service ever!!!	2	0
Overpriced and overall awful experience.	1	0
VERY UPSET with this kind of service.	2	0
 However, I was VERY disappointed with the customer service, cleanliness, inability for the employees to communicate and comprehend my questions\/concerns.	2	0
Over time threading service has kept declining.	2	0
Price was a complete ripoff.	1	0
 There was no customer service.	2	0
Terrible customer service and overpriced products is all you'll find here.	2	0
Terrible customer service and overpriced products is all you'll find here.	1	0
Wow! Not any more, horrible service and to top it off rise and uncaring owner, don't forget where you started	2	0
Consistency in customer service is nonexistent.	2	0
At this point I was so disgusted with the lack of service, I just wanted out.	2	0
However, customer service was never great.	2	0
I agree with previous reviews, poor  customer service for sure.	2	0
BAD customer service, Margarita the owner was not helpful to my needs!	2	0
Bad customer service and unreliable staff to be honest.	2	0
Not the experience I wish I had to write about, but have to make potential customers aware of the terrible customer service and to make sure they select the right barber here.	2	0
I received horrendous customer service and it was the equivalent of purgatory, no, I am not over exaggerating.	2	0
Unfortunately the haircut and customer service were both awful.	2	0
The nail salon's   prices were higher then other salons in the Vally.I'll never go back again.	1	0
I could understand that if I simply didn't like the product but not exchanging a malfunctioning container is simply horrible customer service!	2	0
Worst customer service EVER! None of them would even crack a smile and I was super nice to them.	2	0
I highly doubt that I will ever be going back there, and am genuinely disappointed in the service I received	2	0
The absolute worst service me and my girlfriend have EVER received at a beauty salon.	2	0
Listening to your customer is a huge part of quality customer service and for that, I'm not returning or referring anyone here.	2	0
 Extremely overpriced!!	1	0
Terrible customer service.	2	0
She was just completely rude and it was terrible customer service.	2	0
Maybe it's not fair for me to rate 1 star if I didn't receive their services but based on the quality of customer care before even making it into their salon I feel it's valid.	2	0
My low rating is mainly for the threat of the $35 fee, lack of technology, long wait times and the customer service experience.	2	0
The service was fast but horrible.	2	0
Helen is the worst manager, the worst person, the worst customer service I have ever had to deal with.	2	0
Nail services felt very rushed, and not relaxing at all.	2	0
They rent their salon to people that they don't know the quality of their service.	2	0
The service was not worth the price.	2	0
Unhappy with the quality of service I received here.	2	0
I am super disappointed with their customer service.	2	0
I was very disappointed with the service my daughter received.	2	0
Bad service so we'll just took our business elsewhere.	2	0
This is the poorest customer service I have ever recieved by far from a salon!!	2	0
The customer service here sucks.	2	0
Why doesn't she change her fine print? But poor customer SERVICE skills.	2	0
Moral of the story, NEVER prepay for a hair service or you'll just get screwed and taken advantage of.	2	0
After spending 600 dollars, in ONE consultation, I thought I would be treated a lot better, and given the quality service I had paid for.	2	0
the service is definitely not the best....	2	0
Not to mention the manicures and everything are ridiculously overpriced.	1	0
Customer service skills are the backbone of any business, and she has none.	2	0
Not impressed with the job they did or their customer service.	2	0
The service was awful.	2	0
The quality of service is very hit or miss too.	2	0
I paid for the services but definitely didn't leave a tip.	2	0
The owner is not friendly and lacks customer service.	2	0
The lack of customer service and professionalism is probably one of the reasons why no one wants to work there and is why people who did work there left.	2	0
In my opinion that is a lack of customer service.	2	0
If I am paying for a service you provide great customer service as well.	2	0
Without customer service and personality you will be dry like your lips are.	2	0
I can't understand how a business fails at customer service so much!!	2	0
Horrible customer service!	2	0
Not only was the service poor during my visit on 10\/8, but the quality of the pedicure and gel polish manicure were awful.	2	0
Quality of service and experience  is really poor.	2	0
Not at all happy with the service.	2	0
Their prices are high, especially considering my pedicure was starting to peel off by that evening, even though I was in open toe sandals the whole day.	1	0
Worst customer service!	2	0
Service wasn't very friendly.	2	0
HORRIBLE! Their price board is confusing and over priced.	1	0
This place is very basic with basic ikea furniture but the price is not basic.	1	0
The staff there are polite but the actual service is terrible.	2	0
Oh yhea his jewelry sucks and is overpriced too!	1	0
What a horrible service.	2	0
This is my first review, and only because I was so disappointed with the service here.	2	0
I just walked out of this place after experiencing terrible customer service.	2	0
The worst service ever.	2	0
Ive gone here twice, and they are SO over priced for what they produce.	1	0
Chubbier fellow, and terrible personality, and terrible customer service, I definitely can get a better haircut in the mall at the barber there, for a cheaper price, and way better customer service.	2	0
Worst customer service & experience hands down!	2	0
I've never had such shitty service in my whole entire existence.	2	0
Worst customer service I've ever had!	2	0
Terrible service, awful management.	2	0
Horrible customer service.	2	0
 Was a loyal customer but the have really let the service slide.	2	0
I have never had such terrible service in my liiife! Please do not go here...	2	0
The fact that they intended to keep the 20 dollars change as a tip without asking, for such horrible service, was absolutely ridiculous.	2	0
 She has no Customer Service Skills what so ever.	2	0
WORST customer service I've ever experienced.	2	0
 The service was so terrible and my boyfriend was in pain the rest of the afternoon!	2	0
So angry and disappointed with the terrible service.	2	0
Absolutely horrible service.	2	0
And at this place it cost 40 bucks to get bad service.	2	0
Staff is rude, and services are adequate but overpriced.	2	0
Both locations were poor customer service.	2	0
Horrible service!	2	0
Over priced for poor quality.	1	0
so why would i drive an hour just for them to give me an outrageous price?	1	0
 Poor quality\nhair products at very high prices, never going back.	1	0
Over priced and bad quality.	1	0
 The service was slow and way over priced.	1	0
The prices are also high at this establishment (33 for pedicure, 30 for manicure), but seem to be consistent with the area.	1	0
She was trying to UPCHARGE  me for a very expensive gel\/shellac mani\/pedi without my knowing.	1	0
They were quite expensive and I have only worn them a few times.	1	0
Most expensive and worst gel manicure I have ever had.	1	0
It's extremely expensive and the beds are old and not in great shape.	1	0
I bought the most expensive bed package,$120 for 15 tans, which I think is ridiculous when they can't even clean their beds.	1	0
And thirdly I should say that Lust for lashes is kinda overpriced for the quality of services they provided.	1	0
worst\/most overpriced shellac manicure around.	1	0
It's always disorganized, chaotic and overpriced.	1	0
 Price is also a lot higher than any other salon I have been to.	1	0
It was incredibly dirty, prices are high and the nail techs are awful and rude.	1	0
High prices & extremely poor customer service are two reasons to avoid this place at all costs.	1	0
Overpriced to begin with I expected my mu h better service.	1	0
Overpriced chaos! Four cuts on my fingers from the filing during the $40 p&w fill and a $35 fifteen minute pedicure! Worst experience ever in a nail salon!	1	0
Anyway the new Juno hair is a disaster and definitely very over priced compared to the service before.	1	0
This salon is very expensive with prices as high as beautiful downtown salons.	1	0
Way overpriced!  $36 for  trimmer that took 15 minutes.	1	0
Overall, this place is overpriced, and run by an egotistical evil little man.	1	0
Unfortunately today has made me come to a realization that it's just way too overpriced and they've officially lost my business.	1	0
I was extremely disappointed and upset because that's very overpriced for someone who just got their hair washed and straightened which will only last a day or two.	1	0
Misleading information and stupidly overpriced.	1	0
 Totally not worth their crazy prices.	1	0
They are also quite pricey!!!	1	0
The facials are below average, overpriced and rushed.	1	0
 A few hours later she updated her website with higher prices and the non-refundable clause.	1	0
The prices of the food was expensive, which was a shock because the place does not look like a 5 star restaurant.	1	0
 The food was not worth the price.	1	0
Their prices are not posted and doubled in a year.	1	0
The barbers are extremely slow, and the place is over priced! $20 just for basic haircut! 	1	0
For what it's worth, I told them that their prices are too high and the barber next to me told me, \"well it's $700K homes around here.	1	0
It's overpriced for a crappy nails.	1	0
It was way overpriced.	1	0
The price was not reasonable either.	1	0
Besides all of that it was extremely pricey for the work that was done.	1	0
So it's definitely overpriced.	1	0
They can't get appointments correct, are too expensive for their quality of service & have no professionalism.	1	0
The price is expensive.	1	0
Soooo overpriced for what I got.	1	0
Also, the colour selection is lacking and is really overpriced.	1	0
Over priced $20 for basic cut.\nunprofessional barber shop.\nNo customer service skills.	1	0
Price is very high as well ($40 for a fill and gel only) very disappointed in quality.	1	0
The salon is highly overpriced and scheduling is very inconvenient and unprofessional.	1	0
 Seriously over-priced.	1	0
Didn't have a good experience at this over-priced salon.	1	0
They are so over priced for what you get.	1	0
They're also highly overpriced for basic jobs, $35 per person for a simple pedicure -- no massage, no designs, nothing besides simple nailpolish.	1	0
The mani\/pedi is listed for $35 and i asked for shellac on both my hands and feet and was charged an extra $15 for each, which seemed kind of over priced, but I went with it.	1	0
Way too overpriced for a service and rude costumer service.	1	0
Why? Over price for a BAD haircut for my 10 year old son.	1	0
Absolute Horrible service! its very expensive and you don't get the service that goes with the money you spend.	1	0
Worst and overpriced pedicure ever! 	1	0
This is a very overpriced spa.	1	0
If you value yourself, your time and budget this place is not suitable for you, as you will be getting low-quality overpriced shellac and disregarded if you show them proof of its low quality.	1	0
They are very over priced for the type of work and service they provide.	1	0
The job on all of our nails was pathetic and way over priced and was not consistent with the care of each one of us.	1	0
Over priced and slow and they do a terrible job.	1	0
The braiders haggle with the customer over prices, have VERY bad attitudes and talk about the customers in their language (French).	1	0
They're also very overpriced.	1	0
The price is unreasonable high too, I spent $200, plus tips, for a result I don't even like.	1	0
terrible service, the owner as well as many of the stylists are racist bigots, they will talk over you at the shampoo bowls like you can not hear them (you clearly can talking badly about co workers and superiors) and wildly overpriced.	1	0
Did manicure and nail polish for my daughter, very pricey and the nail polish was not done smoothly but very thick I could have done a better job !	1	0
It was unpleasant and unsanitary and quite pricey.	1	0
Over priced and very poor quality.	1	0
The owner was rude and the service was terrible and overpriced.	1	0
Prices are extremely misleading.	1	0
i definitely do not recommend to anyone plus, their prices are expensive.	1	0
The price does not match the service and they definitely rip everyone off.	1	0
Not only was the price outrageous, the guy who did my hair, yanked and pulled, and scratched my face with the brush like 5 times.	1	0
Horrible! Overpriced! My daughter and myself went to this salon only because it was opened Monday.	1	0
Inconsistent and overpriced for quality of work.	1	0
Super hard sell, wildly overpriced, but a special \"deal\" for you.	1	0
Crappy work, over priced and terrible management.	1	0
Prices went up so high! Not worth it!	1	0
My tattoo was extremely overpriced.	1	0
  Visit the place on tuesday because I was In a rush to get a nail job done...not only is it very expensive...but the Chinese speaking reps are very annoying.	1	0
This place is ridiculously over priced! Went in for a mani\/pedi (shellac on my hands), when I booked I was told that it would be $55.	1	0
They charge a very high prices.	1	0
Their high prices are not worth it for the low level of quality and service they provide.	1	0
Very high priced services yet when you walk in, it is hard to get attention from the front desk.	1	0
I was in the chair for at least 45 minutes, with high pressure sales pitch.	1	0
Anyway, I won't be returning here and I suggest if you're in the market for a high price salon you look elsewhere as the price does not reflect the quality given.	1	0
I am well aware of the average price of getting your hair done these days, but believe this salon needs to educate this stylist a lot more before allowing her to be on the floor by herself and charge such a high price for the talent I left with on my head.	1	0
When i expressed my issue, they told me to save my certificate and pay for the appt - it cost me $80.00 for a disgusting nail job and bad serice.	2	0
Horrible customer service and very overpriced.	2	0
As you can read from other reviews, Tiffany has very poor customer service.	2	0
Boo to you for taking the money up front and then giving horrible service.	2	0
I will not be back, don't waste your time for such poor customer service!	2	0
aweful customer services.	2	0
Terrible place! They change the price for the exact same service as they please.	2	0
Needless to say, I am never going back to this salon with such arrogant disrespectful customer service.	2	0
Customer service is absolutely horrible.	2	0
Worst customer service ever.	2	0
Horrible customer service and horrible management.	2	0
I am extremely disappointed in service I've received here lately.	2	0
Absolutely horrible service and I will never go back.	2	0
 I've never experienced the lack of care or lack of customer service that this company offers.	2	0
But the staff was so horrible to us.	2	0
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.	0	1
The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not.	0	1
Where Gabriela personaly greets you and recommends you what to eat.	2	1
Not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great.	0	1
Not only was the food outstanding, but the little 'perks' were great.	2	1
It is very overpriced and not very tasty.	0	0
It is very overpriced and not very tasty.	1	0
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).	0	1
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).	2	1
The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture, both chewy yet not gummy.	0	1
Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good.	0	1
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.	0	0
It took half an hour to get our check, which was perfect since we could sit, have drinks and talk!	2	0
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine.	0	1
The pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza.	0	1
Obviously run by folks who know a pie.	2	1
IT IS DEFINITELY SPECIAL AND AFFORDABLE.	1	1
All the money went into the interior decoration, none of it went to the chefs.	0	0
I asked for seltzer with lime, no ice.	0	0
It was pretty inexpensive too.	1	1
Don't go alone---even two people isn't enough for the whole experience, with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods.	0	1
My suggestion is to eat family style because you'll want to try the other dishes.	0	0
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.	2	1
This isn't a value joint.	1	0
Faan's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery.	2	0
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.	0	1
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.	2	1
Great food at REASONABLE prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat!	0	1
Great food at REASONABLE prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat!	1	1
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.	1	1
Two words: Free wine.	1	1
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.	2	0
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.	1	1
The quantity is also very good, you will come out satisfied.	0	1
The fried rice is amazing here.	0	1
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.	0	1
it's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food.	0	1
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.	2	1
At the end you're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup.	0	1
I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money.	1	1
I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money.	0	1
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach.	0	0
The wine list is excellent.	0	1
so garantuan that you can't fit them in a toaster.	0	1
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before, and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had (except for my mom's of course).	0	1
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.	2	1
Whem asked, we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were.	2	0
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.	0	1
Nice atmosphere, the service was very pleasant and the desert was good.	2	1
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.	0	1
Fabulous service, fantastic food, and a chilled out atmosphere and environment.	2	1
Try the lasagnette appetizer.	0	1
Pricey, but worth a try, at least once.	1	0
I liked the beer selection!	0	1
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.	0	1
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.	2	1
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top.	0	1
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .	0	1
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.	0	0
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent.	0	0
Not too crazy about their sake martini.	0	0
Great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.	0	1
The service varys from day to day- sometimes they're very nice, and sometimes not.	2	0
One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests.	2	1
This place is a great bargain.	1	1
Unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.	0	1
We always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied.	0	1
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks, swirl them around, and eat.	0	0
My husbands was perfect, my was well done and dry.	0	0
Everyone I have spoken too there is super friendly, helpful, and willing to the extra mile for a customer.	2	1
The pizza was pretty good and huge.	0	1
The cuisine from what I've gathered is authentic Taiwanese, though its very different from what I've been accustomed to in Taipei.	0	0
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service.	2	1
All my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was.	0	0
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.	0	1
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.	2	1
We ordered the special, grilled branzino, that was so infused with bone, it was difficult to eat.	0	0
The wait staff is friendly, and the food has gotten better and better!	0	1
The wait staff is friendly, and the food has gotten better and better!	2	1
It may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area.	0	1
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.	0	1
I've never been treated so rudely.	2	0
Le Pere Pinard has a $15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding.	0	1
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order.	2	0
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal.	2	0
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC.	0	1
Had we been stalling I could understand where they were coming from, but we had been there less than an hour and they hadn't even brought us a check yet!	2	0
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat, with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll, it is well worth the price you pay for them.	0	1
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat, with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll, it is well worth the price you pay for them.	1	1
Deep Fried Skewers are good and still rare to find in NYC.	0	1
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.	2	0
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).	0	1
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for.	0	1
An oasis of refinement:  Food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.	0	1
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare, you'll love Artisanal!	0	1
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it.	0	1
Some baby pizzas get their wish.	0	0
Plenty of choices to make your own creation.	0	1
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it	2	0
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it.	0	1
From the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.	0	0
From the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.	2	0
Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS.	0	1
Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS.	1	1
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end.	0	1
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end.	1	0
Not impressed with the food.	0	0
The wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.	0	1
Service is highly refined: our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress.	2	1
Order the panang duck, it's fantastic.	0	1
Food is usually very good, though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders.	0	0
Other than the crappy service from two individuals, it's great.	2	0
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices.	0	1
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices.	1	1
You are treated just like royality.	2	1
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon, Sea Bass and Crispy Duck.	0	1
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.	0	0
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.	0	1
I've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste.	0	1
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.	0	1
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.	1	1
A glass of Leaping Lizard, a glass of prosecco, and the mussels had everything happy.	0	1
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.	0	0
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly.	0	1
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly.	2	1
The pizza here is delicious.	0	1
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well, I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!	0	1
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well, I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick!	2	1
For great chinese food nearby, you have Wu Liang Ye and Grand Sichuan just a block away.	0	1
But who says Murray's is anything about service.	2	0
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.	0	0
Hats off to the chef.	0	1
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.	2	0
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.	0	1
Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York.	0	1
service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.	2	1
First off, the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables) and got our order wrong.	2	0
The food was bland oily.	0	0
What is even better, is that the prices are very affordable as well, and the food is really good.	0	1
What is even better, is that the prices are very affordable as well, and the food is really good.	1	1
The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary.	0	0
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza, the house salad, and a good bottle of wine.	0	1
And Kruno, the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across.	2	1
The food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city.	0	1
The food, drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city.	2	1
It's a really great deal, considering we got full off of four dollars.	1	1
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.	0	1
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.	2	1
Last time I went here, the waitress didn't come back after taking our order.	2	0
Try the tandoori salmon!	0	1
Granted the space is smaller than most, it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants.	2	1
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark.	2	1
The other night we had the $30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if I could of licked the plate clean I would of.	0	1
Even after getting pushed out by the no-class Famous Ray's, Sal has risen again to carry on his father's uncle's legacies with a smile, true love for his community, and let's not forget the Outstanding Pizza!	0	1
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.	0	0
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.	2	0
We had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess, it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well.	0	1
They were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior.	0	1
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy.	0	0
I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky.	0	0
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants, this offers by far one of the best values for your money.	1	1
Frankly, when you compare what you can have here for lunch, versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city, there is no comparison.	0	1
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.	2	0
If you're craving for Haru's great food, especially the House Roll, but can't stand the wait building outisde, head across the street to their Sake Bar!	0	1
If you're craving for Haru's great food, especially the House Roll, but can't stand the wait building outisde, head across the street to their Sake Bar!	2	0
The food is great.	0	1
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired 'doneness' accompanied by salads and sides that don't look like leafy road kill.	0	1
Lunch came with pickels and slaw, no extra charge.	1	1
Decent wine at reasonable prices.	0	1
Decent wine at reasonable prices.	1	1
All conveniently delivered right to the door.	2	1
even the wine by the glass was good.	0	1
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price	1	0
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it.	0	1
I also ordered the Change Mojito, which was out of this world.	0	1
Okay service.	2	0
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.	0	1
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.	2	1
The food was just awful, ATROCIOUS actually.	0	0
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.	0	0
The anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.	0	1
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.	0	1
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.	2	1
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.	0	1
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.	2	0
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.	0	1
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant.	0	1
Ok, so the servers wander around a little clueless, but there's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it's fine, you just have to make a small effort to get their attention.	2	0
The service is awful.	2	0
The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes, I can't wait!	0	1
Trust me, it will be great, and all of it will be devoured in no time.	0	1
Amma has the worst value for money I have experienced in NYC over the past 2 years.	1	0
I think this would be a pretty good spot if it were not so overpriced and overrated.	1	0
Regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you Five minutes.	2	1
The pizza is good though.	0	1
bottles of wine are cheap and good.	1	1
bottles of wine are cheap and good.	0	1
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.	0	1
They didn't give us the dinner special until we asked for it.	2	0
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.	0	1
word of advice, save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you've had the tiramisu.	0	1
Very good service and very good prices.	2	1
Very good service and very good prices.	1	1
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu, present your meal, and attend to your needs.	2	1
Ess-A-Bagel (either by Sty-town or midtown) is by far the best bagel in NY.	0	1
Our food was great too!	0	1
The most annoying thing, though, is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue.	2	0
Please try the Filet Mignon, its just the most tender piece ever.	0	1
Everything we had was pretty good, but we have only been there once.	0	1
The sake menu should not be overlooked!	0	1
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm.	0	1
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm.	1	1
i've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they're that good.	0	1
The service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.	0	1
The service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.	2	1
It was rather pathetic that it took them over an hour to seat us.	2	0
We were seated promptly as we had reservations, however after that the service was slow.	2	0
It's really also the service, is good and the waiters are friendly.	2	1
The food was pretty good, but a little flavorless and the portions very small, including dessert.	0	0
Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there.	0	1
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.	0	1
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.	2	1
Nice value.	1	1
And it was quick which is very important.	2	1
The food here does a great service to the name (Cantonese that is...).	0	1
But, nothing stands out about the cooking.	0	0
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere.	0	1
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).	0	1
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).	1	1
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.	0	0
I work near-by, and they have the BEST oatmeal in the neighborhood- not a packaged or quick-cooked item.	0	1
Too bad the food wasn't of the same heritage.	0	0
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.	0	0
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.	2	0
The food was really good, I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever.	0	1
I'm not picky - but it was actually gross.	0	0
overall, a solid restaurant and at less than $40pp (including wine), a solid deal as well.	1	1
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.	2	1
Based on the reviews for dinner, this is a place I would reconsider revisiting for that, but definitely not for Dim Sum again.	0	0
It costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.	0	0
It costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.	1	0
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy, creamy, and slightly buttery.	0	1
When he finally did, he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- couldn't find tonic.	2	0
The dim sum is ok but doesn't taste that fresh, and the little dishes don't look steamy hot as they should (also note lack of Chinese here).	0	0
Also they were $15 each!	1	0
The service is ok, some of the people didn't get what they asked for.	2	0
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go.	0	0
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree.	0	0
If you want some roast duck, pork or chicken on rice with ginger, try them out!	0	1
Staff is very accomodating.	2	1
Very popular style Izakaya (Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ).	0	1
Hurley's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came.	2	1
Not pretentious and very economical.	1	1
The food was terrific and the service classy, attentive, without being overbearing.	0	1
The food was terrific and the service classy, attentive, without being overbearing.	2	1
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls.	0	1
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order.	0	1
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip, and the food was delivered quickly, but we live only a few minutes walk from them.	2	1
Quick and friendly service.	2	1
They are tasty, but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system.	0	0
Somewhat pricey but what the heck.	1	0
It's true, this place is not cheap.	1	0
Try the hot dogs too, they're snappy and delicious.	0	1
Delivery is fast too.	2	1
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights.	0	1
Highly recommended is the Spicy Fried Clam Rolls and Spider Rolls.	0	1
The atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon.	1	1
just got back from lunch at Tamarind and it was excellent.	0	1
head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st, taj mahal is also very comparable, in food quality, to the much overpraised (and underdeserving) baluchi's.	0	1
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7, then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving (mean while there were boths open all around).	2	0
Try the cheesecake!	0	1
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.	2	0
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.	0	0
Great Indian food and the service is incredible.	0	1
Great Indian food and the service is incredible.	2	1
Decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.	0	1
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine, for the price paid, I expected it to have some type of flavor.	0	0
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich.	0	0
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan, and the dals.	0	1
The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished.	2	0
My wife and I always enjoy the young, not always well trained but nevertheless friendly, staff, all of whom have a story.	2	0
We generally like good restaurants and eat out often but Kai was way to expensive for what we got.	1	0
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day.	0	1
For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!	0	0
For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!	2	0
I had the best ravioli ever.	0	1
While the menu isn't especially groundbreaking, everything I've tried so far has been well-executed and tasty.	0	0
Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding.	2	1
The bill is approximately $25 for 2 at lunch without drinks.	1	0
Quite frankly, this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried.	0	0
The food is great, service is ok.	0	1
The food is great, service is ok.	2	0
The overall price tag was very very expensive, something I did expect.	1	0
Spice is great Thai food, love the inexpensive appetizers.	0	1
Spice is great Thai food, love the inexpensive appetizers.	1	1
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there.	2	0
The service was attentive.	2	1
He not only makes his own homemade mozzarella, but every pie is ultra fresh.	0	1
Fish was overdone.	0	0
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service.	0	1
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service.	2	1
The rest of the dim sum, though pricey by Chinatown standards, is worth it.	0	1
The rest of the dim sum, though pricey by Chinatown standards, is worth it.	1	0
Good food.	0	1
The wait staff is very friendly, if not overly efficient.	2	1
The dim sum however was very good.	0	1
Service has always been friendly and efficient.	2	1
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers.	0	0
All we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner.	2	0
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived.	2	0
Prices are very good.	1	1
We could not catch our waiter's eye, and he ignored us.	2	0
Plain and simple it's bad thai food.	0	0
They refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends.	2	0
Usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish.	0	0
While certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.	0	0
The Dim Sum was so-so, but not spectacular.	0	0
The food was so-so.	0	0
The waitress, seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing.	2	0
What a ripoff!	1	0
Food-awesome.	0	1
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.	0	1
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.	2	1
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.	1	1
The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.	1	0
The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.	0	0
May, the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you.	2	1
The sides were ok and incredibly salty.	0	0
For some reason, all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon.	0	0
The beverages were excellent, and the dessert was good.	0	1
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.	2	0
Next time, we wouldn't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks.	0	0
If you'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent, Long Tan is a good place on the slope.	0	1
Otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.	2	1
Otherwise, this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere.	1	1
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.	0	1
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.	2	1
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.	1	1
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.	2	0
A++   The service was good to excellent along with the attitude.	2	1
The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass.	0	1
black white shakes came out good also.	0	1
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken.	0	0
We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon.	0	0
However, they've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot.	0	1
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way.	0	1
This is some really good, inexpensive sushi.	0	1
This is some really good, inexpensive sushi.	1	1
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread, but all the bagles are unbeliavably good.	0	1
I wouldn't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy, too.	0	0
For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated.	2	0
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.	0	1
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.	2	1
For $600 ( the most we have ever paid) not even waving a magic wand will ever get us back for a repeat performance.	1	0
The decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.	1	1
The decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.	0	1
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.	0	1
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.	2	1
Terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.	2	0
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.	0	1
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.	2	1
The desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced French restaurants.	0	1
The Italian food has flavor (that can be sort of surprising on the UES), and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive,they sort of remind me of the NY Yankees of the late 90's, no matter how bad it look, you knew that there was a rally just around the corner...	0	1
The Italian food has flavor (that can be sort of surprising on the UES), and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive,they sort of remind me of the NY Yankees of the late 90's, no matter how bad it look, you knew that there was a rally just around the corner...	2	0
As many other reviewers noticed, your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time.	2	0
I found the food to be outstanding, particulary the salmon dish I had.	0	1
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else.	0	1
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.	0	1
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.	1	1
Emilio, the owner, is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go.	2	1
Moules were excellent, lobster ravioli was VERY salty!	0	0
I came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged.	1	0
A cheap eat for NYC, but not for dosa.	1	0
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.	2	0
The seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.	0	1
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.	0	0
Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high (ask for extra rye bread).	0	1
($200 for 2 glasses of champagne, not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks).	1	0
Really though, where's the seasoning?	0	0
The food was just OK, at least for what food was available.	0	0
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!	0	1
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!	2	1
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.	2	0
Solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.	0	1
Solid wine list, knowledgeable staff, friendly owners and an adventurous, ever-changing menu keep us coming back.	2	1
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes.	2	1
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.	2	1
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.	0	1
otherwise, good stuff for late nite eats.	0	1
The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.	0	0
It is thick and slightly soggy.	0	0
I love and I know gourmet food by excellence!	0	1
I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta, panini's.....	0	1
Two people in our party felt like something else, and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.	2	1
Two people in our party felt like something else, and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.	0	1
He offers subpar service and has no personality.	2	0
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly, she knows what my regular is and that's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd.	2	1
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly, she knows what my regular is and that's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd.	0	1
Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer....	1	0
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation.	0	1
The first time the sushi was outstanding, the second time it was a little bland.	0	0
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.	0	1
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.	2	1
delicious bagels, especially when right out of the oven.	0	1
All the food was hot tasty.	0	1
This is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza.	0	0
Our server was very helpful and friendly.	2	1
Try green curry with vegetables.	0	1
Would recommend this place as a good date spot if you don't want to drop a ton of cash.	1	1
While I'm not sure that this happens all the time-this is the kind of treatment that buys repeat business!	2	1
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door, with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime.	2	1
Much more reasonably priced too!	1	1
The food was not very tasty, the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant.	0	0
Why make a reservation if you aren't going to keep it?	2	0
The Pad Thai is excellent here, as well.	0	1
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant.	0	0
We parked on the block of Nina's the place looked nice, with people obviously enjoying their pizzas.	0	1
For $760 for 2 people, it's a once in a lifetime experience.	1	0
The food is o.k., but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant.	0	0
We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great.	0	1
I think the stuff was better than Disney.	2	1
While the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in New York City, there is definitely better food in that range, and so Sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return.	1	1
While the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in New York City, there is definitely better food in that range, and so Sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return.	0	0
Orsay, is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic French food in NYC.	0	1
I had been searching really hard for a restaurant in New York where I could really feel unwanted and ignored and I finally found it!	2	0
Well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.	0	0
Well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.	2	0
The staff is no nonsense.	2	1
Chinese Desserts are known for healthful benefits in addition to the sweetness.	0	1
And really large portions.	0	1
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff.	2	1
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.	0	0
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.	0	1
I recommend the garlic shrimp, okra (bindi), and anything with lamb.	0	1
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger, to steak, to escargot.	0	1
In fact, two people could really share one plate.	0	1
The food is great and authentic.	0	1
Anyway, the food is good, the price is right and they have a decent wine list.	0	1
Anyway, the food is good, the price is right and they have a decent wine list.	1	1
Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.	0	1
Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.	1	0
This place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing.	0	1
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.	0	0
But the coconut rice was good.	0	1
It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer.	2	0
The food was great.	0	1
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list.	0	1
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list.	1	1
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.	1	0
All of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they hadn't heard about this place.	0	1
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.	2	1
The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly.	2	1
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.	0	1
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.	1	1
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price (if bought by the pound).	0	1
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price (if bought by the pound).	1	1
But, they were too big for the bun.	0	0
The food is fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced.	0	1
The food is fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced.	1	1
Raga stands out with an interesting fusion of French and Indian cooking.	0	1
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.	0	0
The bagels are fabulous.	0	1
Oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.	2	0
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.	2	1
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.	0	1
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.	1	1
The food options rule.	0	1
A great choice at any cost and a great deal.	1	1
Anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet, where greasy, dry and tasteless are complimentary.	0	0
We ate here in March, 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight.	0	0
Their calzones are horrific, bad, vomit-inducing, YUCK.	0	0
It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something (although they dont forget to charge you for it.	2	0
Saturday, Nov. 6th I had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us.	2	1
Good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.	0	1
First, the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials, which I would have chosen had I known about them.	2	0
Also, top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu.	0	1
Authentic food and they have REAL service, not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door.	0	1
Authentic food and they have REAL service, not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door.	2	1
Stick to the gulab jamun.	0	1
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.	0	1
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.	2	1
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices, great atmosphere, good service and a wonderful wine list.	1	1
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again.	2	0
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.	0	1
Also very inexpensive.	1	1
By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar.	0	1
The food is great and reasonably priced.	0	1
The food is great and reasonably priced.	1	1
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine!	0	1
Over the years the host, Vittorio, and his crew, have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not-so-little gem does, it amazing he's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor.	2	1
The restuarant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiwanese.	1	1
The restuarant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiwanese.	0	1
My husband said he could've eaten several more, the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had.	0	0
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.	0	1
Prices are in line.	1	0
The combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in NY.	0	1
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently.	0	1
and for this i had to shell out a small fortune?	1	0
For all of you new to Indian food, try the Paneer Roll, it is a piece of heaven.	0	1
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates.	0	1
Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal.	0	1
The food is terrible and overall, I would have to say avoid at all costs.	0	0
Unfortunately, the food was NOT something to get worked up about.	0	0
It's constantly open, catering to the Pakistani cabbies lined up on Crosby St., so there's more turnover with the food than you'd expect (i.e., surprisingly fresh).	0	1
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash.	0	0
I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.	0	1
I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.	1	1
The waitstaff were attentive, polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters.	2	1
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes, however be warned that the Peter's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top, like a salad.	0	1
Yes, the prices are high, but I felt it was worth it.	1	0
The large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.	0	1
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful, despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners.	2	1
While this isn't classical restaurant fare, the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs.	0	1
The owner truly caters to all your needs.	2	1
He takes real pride in his food and his business.	2	1
He takes real pride in his food and his business.	0	1
So if you want a nice, enjoyable meal at Montparnasse, go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe.	0	1
So if you want a nice, enjoyable meal at Montparnasse, go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe.	1	1
Over the years, it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine.	0	1
The photobook menu was a cute touch, certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken, pork chop, and noodle dishes that we all ordered.	0	1
too large for just two people but nothing was left.	0	1
I cannot imagine better Indian food in all of the city.	0	1
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!	2	0
very good breads as well.	0	1
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.	0	0
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.	1	1
Pizza is terrific, as is homemade pasta.	0	1
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money.	1	1
Example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $12 dollars and the mushrooms where $12 for about 1oz.	1	1
Service is not exactly five star, but thats not really a big deal.	2	0
There are other people waiting!	2	0
From beginning appetizers, the scallops were incredible, to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet, we were delighted by the taste sensations.	0	1
Consistently good Japanese Tapas.	0	1
My goodness, everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing.	0	1
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).	0	1
The food is reliable and the price is moderate.	0	1
The food is reliable and the price is moderate.	1	0
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	0	0
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.	2	0
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.	2	1
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .	0	1
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive.	2	0
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they don't skimp.	0	1
My husband had the mesclun, salmon, and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses.	0	1
The food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.	0	1
Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!	0	1
Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!	2	1
The prices were fantastic.	1	1
Still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house...	0	1
Still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house...	1	0
The table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry, I understood they were busy.	2	0
It's not mind-blowing, but to me, thai food never is and never will be.	0	0
Food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).	0	0
Although, one night we went it was super cheesy, and another night it was less cheesy.	0	0
i've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine, if not good.	0	1
I love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap.	0	1
I love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap.	1	1
Nicky the Nose at the bar is a treat.	2	1
Service was prompt, friendly and great.	2	1
I haven't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil.	0	1
The sushi was awful!	0	0
You can get an excellent meal at most of the many Indian restaurants on nearby Lexington Avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here.	1	0
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down, it was a pleasurable experience.	0	1
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom(third generation-Fornini) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle( again making it soggy) and nothingon the rest.	0	0
Late nite omelletes are not good here, there is no variety!	0	0
Everything at Sala Thai is tasty and well-portioned.	0	1
After all that, they complained to me about the small tip.	2	0
It's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner.	1	1
Whenever you need a Sushi fix, Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.	0	1
Whenever you need a Sushi fix, Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.	2	1
Our waitress was sweet and accomodating, not overbearing.	2	1
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.	2	0
Despite a slightly limited menu, everything prepared is done to perfection, ultra fresh and a work of food art.	0	0
A large is $20, and toppings are about $3 each.	1	0
It is not worth for that bucks.	1	0
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.	0	1
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.	1	1
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.	2	1
For many people, this may not seem like Aunthentic Thai food because most places in NYC arent quite authentic.	0	0
Oh, don't even let me start with how expensive the bills were!	1	0
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary.	0	0
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous, the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious!!!	0	1
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.	2	0
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated, we were served dishes we hadn't ordered three times, received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served (and that order was undercooked), and charged $45 more than we should have been on our bill.	1	0
Service is top notch.	2	1
The food now is inconsistent.	0	0
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.	0	1
BE CAREFUL before you request extra spice.	0	0
The octopus eaters were floored by the Octopus salad.	0	1
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods.	0	0
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic.	0	0
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two.	0	1
Service was quick.	2	1
Drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!	2	0
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable.	0	0
We've been following chef Lyle's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic, his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return.	0	1
The best thing I tasted were the lambchops.	0	1
it's delicious!	0	1
The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we've ever had.	0	1
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.	0	1
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.	1	0
In addition, the food is very good and the prices are reasonable.	0	1
In addition, the food is very good and the prices are reasonable.	1	1
Upon entering, we were greeted by the owners, Steven and Frederick, who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts.	2	1
Meat dishes now adorn the selections, although there's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices.	0	0
Reasonable prices.	1	1
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration.	2	1
Try the crunchy tuna, it is to die for.	0	1
It won't break the bank but I also wouldnt come back for the food.	0	0
It won't break the bank but I also wouldnt come back for the food.	1	0
if you're looking for perfect traditional sushi, go here - if you're looking for interesting combinations, try sushi of gari's (east side).	0	1
No refills on fountain drinks, though.	0	0
Wow over 100 beers to choose from.	0	1
Be careful of portions - they're HUGE.	0	1
The Steak Tartare is a great bet, they fix it for you at the table.	0	1
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.	2	1
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.	0	0
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening.	2	1
Did I mention the wine?	0	0
Plus, on Wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited!	0	1
Even my Indian friend couldn't believe how good and tasty everything was.	0	1
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan.	0	0
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan.	2	0
The dim sum servings here are a bit larger than I'm used to.	0	0
However, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.	2	0
We won't go to this place again for a good meal.	0	0
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed, however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance.	0	0
We were treated with attitude ever since the moment we stepped into the restaurant!	2	0
Taj Mahal offeres gret value and great food.	0	1
Taj Mahal offeres gret value and great food.	1	1
Has the chef and owner changed???	2	0
But don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.	0	0
Outstanding Bagels, but you get what you pay for.	0	1
Outstanding Bagels, but you get what you pay for.	1	0
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!	0	1
They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food!	0	0
Service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.	0	1
Service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.	2	1
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together.	0	0
Best Italian food I ever had (and being Italian, that means alot).	0	1
I will recommend Scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful Italian food.	0	1
This restaurant is not worth the time, effort, or money to say the least.	1	0
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.	0	1
Great bar, most gorgeous bartenders you've ever seen (specifically the blond lady).	2	1
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.	2	0
I really loved the different and inovated touch that's the cheff gives to the food.	0	1
They came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant.	0	0
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.	0	1
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.	2	1
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!	2	0
The food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.	0	1
But the main hit was the whole grilled fish.	0	1
I had the tuna tartare with sake, mushroom ravioli with pinot noir, and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $49.	1	1
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service.	0	1
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service.	2	1
Pizza here is consistently good.	0	1
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.	0	1
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.	2	0
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.	0	0
My husband and I enjoy Sangria.	0	1
But after last night, Spice Grill is the only place I'm eating indian cuisine.	0	1
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.	2	1
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.	0	1
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course...	2	0
Not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!	0	1
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food, this is one of the best spots.	0	1
Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square.	2	0
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes.	0	1
They don't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai.	0	0
Other apetizers and food	0	0
The noodle and rices dishes taste great.	0	1
The food's as good as ever.	0	1
The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.	0	1
The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.	2	1
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place.	1	0
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery, and the vegetables raw.	0	0
And the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating.	0	1
The sauces used are also not that exciting.	0	0
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered.	0	1
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.	0	0
We had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses!	0	1
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.	0	1
When my dessert came, there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift, and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort.	2	1
I got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.	1	1
I got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.	0	1
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.	2	0
If it's just a quick martini at the bar (which I recommend Jeffery's) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken, go to Village!	0	1
There was a long wait for a table outside, but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice.	2	0
The prices are wonderfully low.	1	1
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.	0	1
I have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials.	0	1
I have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials.	1	1
So much more than the usual bar food, go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers.	0	1
And its absolutely DELICIOUS.	0	1
No free drink.	1	0
I would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i can't not mention or undermine.	0	0
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.	0	1
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.	2	1
While they keep the capex to a minimum, they do put some cash into the bagels, because they among the best in the city.	0	1
While they keep the capex to a minimum, they do put some cash into the bagels, because they among the best in the city.	1	1
I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of.	2	1
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.	0	0
While the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.	0	1
While the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.	1	1
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.	0	1
Their eggplant is so delicate, sweet tender!	0	1
Each bite of food at Kai was indeed delicious, fresh, and elegant.	0	1
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.	0	1
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.	1	1
If you want to save some money, don't go here.	1	0
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better.	0	1
I had the cod with paella (spicy and very filling, I'm a big eater and could only eat half) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips (again, a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries).	0	0
It's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service.	2	0
You should pass on the calamari.	0	0
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.	0	0
Try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps.	0	1
THE FOOD PORTIONS ARE REALLY LARGE.	0	1
The fries are yummy.	0	1
Friendly and informative staff, very attentive and prompt raw bar service.	2	1
Best Taiwanese food in NY!	0	1
This place is a great stop for great food.	0	1
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City.	0	1
they were dry and disgusting, i didn't even finish my first piece.	0	0
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip, which was generous, I feel.	2	0
And the prices were way to high for what you get.	1	0
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there.	2	0
Yet paired with such rude service, would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there.	2	0
I need at least three rolls to be full, and that's at least $14.00!	1	0
All of it was simply amazing, unique and tasty and best of all it didn't break the bank.	0	1
All of it was simply amazing, unique and tasty and best of all it didn't break the bank.	1	1
Great wine list, reasonably priced.--Sara	0	1
Great wine list, reasonably priced.--Sara	1	1
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale.	0	0
While the food was excellent, it wasn't cheap (though not extremely expensive either).	0	1
While the food was excellent, it wasn't cheap (though not extremely expensive either).	1	0
Beef noodle soup is good as well.	0	1
Delivery service is great too.	2	1
The food's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate, truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine.	0	1
I recieved prompt service with a smile.	2	1
They pray to their Food Gods to make them into a good pizza like VT's.	0	0
.the best I've found outside of the Chinatown masters.	0	1
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.	0	1
As much as I like the food there, I can't bring myself to go back.	0	1
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips.	0	0
The prices and ambience are especially great considering it's in the West Village.	1	1
The soup is pretty good too.	0	1
I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats.	0	1
If you go to Roth's try to be served by Mike, he is GREAT!!	2	1
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .	2	0
I always get the Shabu-Shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh.	0	1
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese wasn't even fully melted!	0	0
We were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a Sunday night.	0	1
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.	0	1
Nha Trang, while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor, horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals, is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i've ever been to. the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables.	2	0
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.	0	0
On the other hand, if you are not fooled easily, you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse, and food that will outshine in presentaion, taste, choice, quality and quantity.	2	0
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in NYC.	0	0
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza, sorry - not the best in NYC.	2	1
The food is amazing!!!!	0	1
Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit, but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues.	0	1
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.	0	0
The portions are now very small, the sauces are overly-ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good, the restaurant, due to its popularity, seems frantic.	2	1
For the price, you cannot eat this well in Manhattan.	1	1
For the price, you cannot eat this well in Manhattan.	0	1
The owner is very friendly and a great guy, go try his pizza, you'll like it!	2	1
The owner is very friendly and a great guy, go try his pizza, you'll like it!	0	1
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.	2	0
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.	1	0
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.	0	0
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin, which was heavenly at sushi rose.	0	1
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.	0	1
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives.	2	0
The bruscetta is a bit soggy, but the salads were fresh, included a nice mix of greens (not iceberg) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen.	0	0
The atmosphere isn't the greatest , but I suppose that's how they keep the prices down .	1	1
The pickles were great addition.	0	1
If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken, then this is NOT your place.	0	0
You must try the shrimp appetizers.	0	1
Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.	0	1
Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.	2	1
The production is a symphony, alot of fun to experience.The food sublime for the most part.	0	1
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.	0	0
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.	2	0
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and wouldn't miss roxy,s food is expensive but it's new york!	1	0
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan.	0	1
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.	0	1
Interesting selection, good wines, service fine, fun decor.	2	1
Any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.	2	1
Whether it's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar, you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite.	0	1
The food at this place is 'gourmet' Indian cuisine.	0	0
While there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich, Katz's has a charm about it.	0	1
However, looking at the table next to ours, we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza, which looked PERRRRRRRRRFECT.	0	1
Priced at upper intermediate range.	1	0
The fish was adequate, but inexpertly sliced.	0	0
If you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.	0	0
If you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.	1	0
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel.	0	1
While it's not Nobu, it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full.	0	1
While it's not Nobu, it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full.	1	1
It's very spicy but not offensive.	0	0
they didn't disappoint, service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table.	2	1
The rice to fish ration was also good--they didn't try to overpack the rice.	0	1
They used shredded cheese on top!	0	0
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.	0	1
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.	1	1
The only positive was the wait staff, which was prompt, knowledgable, and likeable.	2	1
I couldn't reccommend their Godmother pizza any higher.	0	1
I am not a vegetarian but, almost all the dishes were great.	0	1
I was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine!!!	0	1
i would go again if i didn't have to pay.	1	0
For the location, the prices are very reasonable.	1	1
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre.	0	0
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre.	1	0
My friend's food was also the complete opposite of what it's supposed to taste like (aND look like).	0	0
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime.	0	0
I would like to return and try some of the other menu items when I don't have to rush off to a show.	0	1
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.	0	1
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.	2	1
Hopefully next time, I will save room for dessert.	0	0
Not a typical pizza joint, but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner.	1	1
Not a typical pizza joint, but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner.	0	1
The corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth.	0	1
The best Chicken pad tai, I've ever had.	0	1
$20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten.	1	1
Over 100 different choices to create your own.	0	1
Haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service.	0	1
Haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service.	2	1
Very romantic fires - I've literally spent hours at Lanterna, drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience.	0	1
I almost wanted to write a bad review, so no one would ever go here and I could have all the dumplings to myself!	0	1
My turkey burger was not cooked at all, my friends salmon was completely raw.	0	0
The service is spotty, sometimes really friendly and sometimes barely there.	2	0
His drinks are very inventive, delicious and classy.	0	1
Great food, great prices, great service.	0	1
Great food, great prices, great service.	2	1
Great food, great prices, great service.	1	1
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice.	0	1
This place, however, has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above-average.	0	1
Try ordering from the regular menu, then you would not regret!	0	1
Told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.	2	0
We started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.	0	1
The crispy chicken wasn't for us, though.	0	0
Food is great.	0	1
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me.	0	1
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal!	0	1
In reality (to maximize potential diners) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby.	2	0
The wine is always good, the tapas are always yummy, especially with the warm pita bread.	0	1
But when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.	1	1
But when you are seated the waitresses are great, they explain everything on the menu, and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get.	2	1
I've been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST.	0	0
The freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.	0	1
The freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.	2	1
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.	0	1
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.	2	1
It's super-trendy and there's always someone to take that empty seat, so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence.	2	1
The sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.	0	0
The sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.	1	0
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better.	1	1
The fried rice is really good too.	0	1
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections.	2	1
It's a steal!	1	1
still stay away, the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer...	2	0
A very inviting restaurant, with friendly service.	2	1
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.	0	1
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.	1	1
We also had shared a house salad that was fresh.	0	1
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.	2	0
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.	0	0
Not a small feat for good french food in the area.	0	1
Food was average but tasty.	0	1
The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.	0	0
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York.	2	1
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering, the food here was decent, not great.	0	0
The Pad thai, lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but, I've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places.	0	0
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.	0	1
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door.	1	1
my picks: Guizhou chicken, fish with hot bean source, fish fillet in spicy source (special menu).	0	1
Overall, I'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again, its Chinatown.	1	1
Pizza was a little soggy.	0	0
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri, sevpuri and samosa chaats, as well as other great indian appetizers.	0	1
The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever.	0	0
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.	2	0
The wine list is interesting and has many good values.	0	1
Murray won't do it.	2	0
I'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food.	0	0
Definite go if you're used to good Indian restaurant food from abroad.	0	1
By far, the best pizza in Manhattan.	0	1
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout, BUT service terrible.	0	1
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout, BUT service terrible.	2	0
The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away.	2	0
The food is mostly made from scratch, fresh and well prepared.	0	1
Worse of all, $60 was erroneously added to our $80 bill.	2	0
NO more reservations, expensive tips and annoying stuff.	2	1
Try the sea bass.	0	1
$20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality- I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to.	0	1
$20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality- I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to.	1	1
Sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the price.	1	0
Sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the price.	0	0
During our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.	2	1
But they don't have a toaster, which is strange.	2	0
So, for good food i'd recommend it, but not for a fun night out.	0	1
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked.	0	0
A must for all the Dosa lovers.	0	1
The portions are HUGE, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.	0	1
The appetizers are just OK and the main courses were decidedly subpar.	0	0
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that.	0	0
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations.	0	1
The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table.	2	1
Try the mediterranean salad, it is a true experience for your taste buds!!	0	1
People are always friendly.	2	1
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee!!	0	1
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks, everything was creatively prepared yet still simple.	0	1
Service was prompt and courteous.	2	1
It was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap (undercooked) beef.	0	0
It was nice and fresh, but I can't give it high scores on being authentic thai.	0	0
Overall, worht every penny.	1	1
Got club soda, filled with ice, no lime.	2	0
Only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.	0	1
My mouth starts to water merely thinking about the delight that is this restaurant.	0	1
Oh, and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough- yummy!	0	1
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap.	0	1
Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average.	2	0
Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average.	0	0
Decent wine selection too.	0	1
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here.	0	1
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta (raddichio was kind of bitter though).	0	0
Disappointing food, lousy service.	0	0
Disappointing food, lousy service.	2	0
If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service, this is the place.	0	1
If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service, this is the place.	2	1
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer.	0	1
Over price, and small portions .	0	0
Over price, and small portions .	1	0
Meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.	0	1
Meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.	2	1
Stepped on my foot on the SECOND time he reached over me to adjust lighting.	2	0
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.	0	1
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.	2	1
BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $23.95 is most places, but it is $16 here.	0	1
BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $23.95 is most places, but it is $16 here.	1	1
My husband said the portions were very small, but if my main course was good to eat the portion would've been fine for me.	0	0
But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished.	0	0
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.	2	1
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing.	0	0
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.	0	1
While the food was good (certainly no Il Mulino) the service was horrendous.	2	0
It is expensive but well worth the money.	1	0
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.	2	0
Great pizza for lunch place.	0	1
The food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.	0	1
The food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.	1	0
We were a group of 8 and well seved.	2	1
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.	0	1
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.	2	1
I LOVE their spicy scallop roll, and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken.	0	1
Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna.	0	1
The food was absolutely amazing!!	0	1
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food.	2	0
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.	0	0
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.	0	1
The staff is also attentive and friendly.	2	1
The all you can eat deal is truly amazing here.	1	1
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.	0	0
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.	1	0
They were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.	0	0
They were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.	1	0
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!	0	1
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!	1	1
It is about FOOD and Ambiance, and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine.	0	0
The food was good too.	0	1
Immediately after we paid, the waiter took the money and said, okay, you guys are outta here.	2	0
Admittedly, this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate (and thank goodness, in my opinion) but for simple, elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US.	0	1
Once you become a regular, you are treated as one.	2	1
The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them.	0	1
Everyone treats you like you were part of the family.	2	1
The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal.	0	1
The rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats.	0	0
The menu is nothing like the one on the website.	0	0
Great food, great lay out and awesome service.	0	1
Great food, great lay out and awesome service.	2	1
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.	2	0
We walked in on a Wednesday night and were seated promptly.	2	1
The wait staff is very freindly, they make it feel like you're eating in a freindly little european town.	2	1
The waitstaff are all very busy, it's not outstanding service, but I've never been dealt with rudely.	2	0
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.	0	1
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.	0	1
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.	2	1
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.	1	1
The flavors are great, and the menu is extensive.	0	1
The food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!	0	1
The food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!	2	1
The food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down.	0	1
I found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy.	0	1
We couldn't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we're taking too much time -- amazing, we just sat down.	2	0
sometimes i get good food and ok service.	0	1
sometimes i get good food and ok service.	2	0
It's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.	0	0
It's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food, noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks.	1	0
After complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.	2	0
After complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.	0	0
The food was spicy and delicious.	0	1
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.	1	0
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.	0	1
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar.	2	0
Anyways, if you're in the neighborhood to eat good food, I wouldn't waste my time trying to find something, rather go across the street to Tamari.	0	0
Dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet.	0	0
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was.	0	1
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was.	2	1
Great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work.	0	1
It's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).	0	0
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.	2	0
They brought glasses and the bottle, and just left the bottle at our table.	2	0
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.	0	0
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.	2	0
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.	1	0
We were looking forward to nice glass of Sangria when we arrived.	0	1
While we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service) and lack of remorse.	0	1
While we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service) and lack of remorse.	2	0
The service, however, was a bright flower in a garden.	2	1
We've been to Grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed.	0	1
The food is very good too but for the most part, it's just regular food, nothing special.	0	0
A touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed.	0	1
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it's one of my favorite dishes.	0	0
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the filet, very good, didn't much like the frites that came with, but the filet was so good, neither of us cared.	0	0
The lunch special is an asbolute steal.	1	1
This food is asian-air fusion.	0	0
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price.	0	1
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price.	1	1
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.	0	1
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.	2	1
While I quite liked the food and the ambience, I'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the Michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window.	0	0
There are a few Italian employees who may not speak the best English but for me that adds to the experience.	2	0
Not worth the prices.	1	0
From the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just Fantastic.	2	1
Service was good and food is wonderful.	0	1
Service was good and food is wonderful.	2	1
She gets 10 for her excellent service and advice.	2	1
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal	0	1
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods, indian included, i made friends with this place long ago.	0	1
The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied  by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10!	0	1
I have eaten at Saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.	0	1
(Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer!!!	0	1
sandwiches tho pricey are over stuffed - can serve 2 persons easily thus cost effective!	1	1
Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money.	0	0
Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money.	2	0
Every course was better than the next.	0	1
Not cheap, but not that expensive either.	1	0
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.	2	1
If presentation and service is your thing, then this magic show works.	2	1
Apparently, the good cook works then.	0	1
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well.	0	1
Everyone is welcomed in as family.	2	1
I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil.	0	1
The menu changed, portions were even smaller than before, a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility, a basmati rice dish lacked flavor.	0	0
Spice is sleek, modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet.	1	1
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.	2	1
Very affordable and excellent ambient!	1	1
More important, the sushi rivals the best in Tokyo.	0	1
I have never had cheescake like this.	0	1
Bill a little high, but worth it.	1	0
My co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery, only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered.	2	0
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil, the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish's sweetness.	0	1
Great sushi experience.	0	1
If you're looking for a great meal at a decent price, go to Del Frisco's!	0	1
If you're looking for a great meal at a decent price, go to Del Frisco's!	1	1
They charge $6.00 for rice.	1	0
My steak au poivre was one of the worst I've had.	0	0
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.	0	1
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.	0	1
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.	2	1
The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive (considering we were the only ones there for the first hour).	0	1
The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive (considering we were the only ones there for the first hour).	2	1
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.	0	1
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.	2	1
Perhaps this food is considered extreme to an Upper East Side resident, but for the rest of us who've actually eaten ethnic food, this is simply dull.	0	0
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.	1	1
Ambience is delightful, service impeccable.	2	1
Service was excellent, and the AC worked very well too (thank God, it was hot!).	2	1
Tasty but expensive.	0	1
Tasty but expensive.	1	0
You get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice.	2	1
Both are delicious, the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand.	0	1
Both are delicious, the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand.	2	1
My friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great!	0	1
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different.	1	0
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.	0	1
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.	2	1
my picks are:  - Scallion Pancake (fried with vegetable juice, very special and tasty)  - Guizhou Chicken  - Shredded Squid Family Style (one of my personal favorites)  - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab  - Shuizhu Fish (this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans, I wouldn't recommend to my American friends as it's very spicy.	0	1
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.	0	0
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $8!	1	1
I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish.	0	0
But for whatever reason, prices are about twice as high.	1	0
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.	2	0
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.	1	0
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.	0	0
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!	0	1
The staff was knowledgeable and full of personality.	2	1
Great staff.	2	1
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, I'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!	2	0
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, I'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!	1	0
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert, especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate.	0	1
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well.	0	1
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.	0	1
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.	2	1
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts.	0	1
I like Mamoun's food as well, but side by side, Kati Rolls just produce tastier food hands down.	0	0
The service is a bit slow, but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli, Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night.	2	0
But that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had.	0	0
Great food and the prices are very reasonable.	0	1
Great food and the prices are very reasonable.	1	1
Wine list is not huge but def well selected.	0	0
A cool bar with great food, and tons of excellent beer.	0	1
Be sure to try the seasonal, and always delicious, specials.	0	1
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service.	2	1
Fresh, authentic, french cuisine in substantial portions.	0	1
Drinks got screwed up, she acted put upon.	2	0
The one vegetarian entree (Abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.	0	1
At 5 dumplings for $1, you just cannot go wrong.	1	1
But the pizza is way to expensive.	1	0
And the staff is also young, energeic and hot!!!!	2	1
Even better, they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it.	0	1
Service was decent, but not as smooth as I would expect from a place with these prices and reputation.	2	0
We had a wonderful meal at Naples 45 a month ago on a visit to NYC.	0	1
Good drink.	0	1
Great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.	0	1
Great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.	2	1
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily.	0	0
we did notice however, that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan.	2	0
I didn't take a look at the rest menu, but the oysters were fantastic.	0	1
The grilled cheese at home afterwards was better.!!	0	0
We were pleasantly greeted.	2	1
Great service, great food.	0	1
Great service, great food.	2	1
The food is expensive, but worth every bite.	1	0
The food is expensive, but worth every bite.	0	1
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.	0	0
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.	2	0
When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check.	2	0
It's the perfect restaurant for NY life style, it got cool design, awsome drinks and food and lot's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar...	0	1
We did have to wait at the bar for approx.	2	0
If you love seafood, you would love this place!	0	1
Good, fast service.	2	1
Dakshin is one of the few affordable and tasty Indian restaurant in the upper east side.	0	1
Dakshin is one of the few affordable and tasty Indian restaurant in the upper east side.	1	1
They charge different prices all the time.	1	0
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.	2	0
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.	1	0
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious, new summer menu at Artisanal last night.	0	1
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine.	0	0
In terms of the food itself -- nothing special, we limited ourselves to several appetizers.	0	0
To begin, we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave, when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready.	2	0
The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait (shortly I might add).	2	1
The service was ok.	2	0
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.	2	0
The staff is accomodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!	0	1
The staff is accomodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!	2	1
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.	0	1
The food was delicious (I had a halibut special, my husband had steak), and the service was top-notch.	2	1
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.	2	0
it's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food.	0	1
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.	1	1
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation.	2	1
The staff are attentive, and have smiles on their faces.	2	1
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area.	0	1
Largest and freshest pieces of sushi, and delicious!	0	1
Even the pasta is delicious here (a rarity in New York pizza restaurants).	0	1
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.	0	0
Maybe I say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food, but turns out to be poorly run and awful.	2	0
Maybe I say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food, but turns out to be poorly run and awful.	0	0
After my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer.	2	1
When he's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms, he's visiting the regulars (a growing legion) and checking on newcomers.	2	1
When he's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms, he's visiting the regulars (a growing legion) and checking on newcomers.	0	1
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!	0	1
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!	2	0
The ingredients taste fresher, the crust is thinner and crispier, the slice is less oily, and it's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe's.	0	1
Fish is so very fresh.	0	1
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.	1	1
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.	2	1
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.	0	1
Top spot in town for Vietnamese classics, better than places that cost a lot more.	0	1
Top spot in town for Vietnamese classics, better than places that cost a lot more.	1	1
less wait time for me!	2	1
This was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.	0	1
I come from a family of pizzeria owners, and I'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino's blows my families receipies away.	0	1
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.	0	0
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great.	0	1
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great.	0	1
The food was authentic.	0	1
The dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet.	0	1
The dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet.	1	1
I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce, but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I've tried similar dishes at.	0	1
Okay-i don't mind the oily part (cause most are cooked that way) but it was way too bland.	0	0
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry.	0	0
We had reservations at 9pm, but was not seated until 10:15pm.	2	0
We had Pam's special fried fish and it was amazing.	0	1
There is no excuse for such lousy service!	2	0
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque.	0	1
So, a little inconsistency there but either way, both pizzas were really good.	0	0
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.	0	1
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.	1	0
Not enough wines by the glass either.	0	0
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible.	0	1
I must say it's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view.	1	0
These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible.	0	1
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation.	0	1
We were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.	2	1
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it.	0	1
Everything I had was good, and I'm a eater.	0	1
One should not go to Lucky Strike for the food.	0	0
The service is awful--the last time I was there (and I do mean the last time) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave.	2	0
We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue.	0	0
Try everything for that matter, it is all good.	0	1
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table (even though we had reservations).	2	0
night without a reservation, we had to wait at the bar for a little while, but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience.	2	1
Try the green curry!!!	0	1
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.	0	1
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional.	2	1
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (masaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it.	0	1
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (masaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it.	2	1
The food there are sastifying.	0	1
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!	0	1
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines.	0	1
Last memorial day, I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend (interesting, but...).	2	0
The food was good.	0	1
Great wine selection, Gigondas is worth the price, and the house champagne is a great value.	0	1
I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way.	0	1
I particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection.	0	1
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.	0	1
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.	1	1
I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out.	0	0
When we sat, we got great and fast service.	2	1
Most of the servers are very attentive, friendly and quite attractive.	2	1
Service is average.	2	0
But they've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza (a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual).	0	1
They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.	2	0
The steak is good, the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great.	0	1
The service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald's than this joint.	2	0
They all know you.	2	1
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails, the chill decor, and the decent sushi.	0	1
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin.	0	1
The buffet had a nice selection.	0	1
Waitstaff are very friendly.	2	1
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.	2	0
It's only $1.95 for a regular slice and $4.00 for a slice with a mushroom, not mushrooms.	1	1
The food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.	0	0
The food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.	2	0
service was efficient courteous.	2	1
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past.	0	0
They are the best bagels I've had.	0	1
$160 for 2 filets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.	0	0
$160 for 2 filets, 2 sides, an appetizer and drinks.	1	0
While the prices are nothing special, the portions are huge.	1	1
While the prices are nothing special, the portions are huge.	0	1
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal, relax, be able to talk and have a very good time.	0	1
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.	1	0
The menu is Prix Fixe, so be prepared to spend at least $60 per person, but it is Well worth itsuperb food.	0	1
The wine list is extensive and impressive.	0	1
We had the most wonderful waitress.	2	1
While the staff at this little bistro is very friendly, I have never experienced more incompetency.	2	0
The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor.	0	1
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth.	0	1
The staff is courteous and friendly.	2	1
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.	2	1
Aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.	0	1
Aside from the rushed service, we were very impressed with the food and the drinks.	2	0
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll.. .	0	1
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.	1	1
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.	0	1
This big draw is the all you can sushi here for $19.95!	1	1
we spent 50 $$ definetly will come back with my friends!!!	1	1
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers, other times, they've skipped my order.	2	0
The specials are usually quite good too.	0	1
They've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods.	0	1
Try the chocolate mud cake (warmed) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato.	0	1
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.	0	0
The best burger I have had in the Village.	0	1
I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space.	0	1
came here for restaurant week, didn't save much, but it was still great.	1	0
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.	0	1
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.	2	1
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.	2	0
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited.	0	1
The wait staff is pleasant, fun, and for the most part gorgeous (in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way, not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way).	2	1
Service was very good and warm.	2	1
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.	0	0
Like others have said, don't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes, a busy restaurant may require you to wait.	2	0
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went.	0	1
Also, because it is so thin, it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling.	0	0
The food is nothing like its menu description.	0	0
Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience.	0	1
It's just O.K. pizza.	0	0
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.	0	0
The service was a bit slow, but they were very friendly.	2	0
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.	0	1
The food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other Heartland Breweries in the city.	0	1
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu.	0	1
The food was absolutely horrible!	0	0
Food doesn't appear to be cooked on premisis but there's a high turnover so its pretty fresh.	0	0
The people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak English, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.	2	0
The people with carts of food don't understand you because they don't speak English, their job is to give you the delicious food you point at.	0	1
The crackling calamari salad, which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants, is crispy and lightly dressed.	0	1
Not the greatest sushi place, but excellent for a $19.95 all you can eat.	0	0
Not the greatest sushi place, but excellent for a $19.95 all you can eat.	1	1
The Thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy!	0	1
We've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we've been lucky?	2	1
Drinks way over priced.	1	0
The main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level.	2	0
What I didn't like was how the food came right after it was ordered.	0	0
Moderate prices.	1	0
I think I've had some the best meals of my life at minnow.	0	1
My biggest complaint was the un-tasty food although presented well.	0	0
Most importantly, food is excellent.	0	1
The best part of the experience was knowing that the manager (a bubbly, friendly young woman with a great smile) truly cared about how we were doing.	2	1
However, service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had.	2	0
However, service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had.	0	0
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.	0	0
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.	2	0
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.	0	1
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.	1	1
The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.	2	0
Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!	0	1
Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!	1	0
We only ordered desserts and drinks, but no refills were offered.	2	0
Waiters are slow but sweet.	2	0
the real kicker of the menu, however, is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass.	0	1
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good, however.	0	1
Rao's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC.	2	1
They never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.	2	0
one of the best Chicken Tikka Masala.	0	1
Excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.	0	1
The kitchen however, is almost always slow.	2	0
The corned beef and pastrami are excellent, much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square.	0	1
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.	2	1
Also, the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected, but a truly above and beyond thing to do...	2	1
people are rude bit again it's new york!	2	0
We all felt it was worth it.	1	1
The plain slice is great and if you get toppings, the whole slice is topped with them, not sparsely sprinkled on like some places.	0	1
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.	2	0
Service is great, takeout is good too.	0	1
Service is great, takeout is good too.	2	1
The pizza is overpriced and soggy.	0	1
The pizza is overpriced and soggy.	1	1
Everything is excellent, the menu is quite extensive, and you eat with a view on both sides of the city.	0	1
You'll pay at least double at any other Italian restaurant in the city, and most still don't compare.	1	1
For the quality of food, a little too expensive.	1	0
For the quality of food, a little too expensive.	0	0
I've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.	0	1
I've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.	2	1
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.	0	0
What an amazing meal and experience!	0	1
Unique apppetizers.	0	1
The staff has always been attentive and kind, and I've always been amazed at how they've handled all the various different group sizes that come in.	2	1
IT is the best deal in town for a Monday night dinner at a fine restaurant.	1	1
Also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.	1	0
This place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.	1	0
This place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.	0	0
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.	0	1
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.	2	1
And all of that won't break your bank!	1	1
The Thai food is good.	0	1
Great selection of wine, and seafood.	0	1
delicious.	0	1
Acceptable prices.	1	1
As I made the title, it's an affordable restaurant for great taste.	0	1
As I made the title, it's an affordable restaurant for great taste.	1	1
They even scoop it out nice (for those on a diet) not too much not to little.	2	1
Definitely not worth the price!	1	0
Orsay, is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food, and French service as well.	0	1
Orsay, is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food, and French service as well.	2	1
It's easy to get a table for a large group and you don't get hustled out.	2	1
Great food at reasonable prices.	0	1
Great food at reasonable prices.	1	1
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.	0	1
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef, and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways.	0	1
The prices are about $9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch.	1	1
and you can't beat the prices.	1	1
Should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it.	0	1
I had the black cod with yuzu sauce, which was wonderful.	0	1
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant.	1	0
Total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot.	2	0
Yes, there might be a wait if you have no reservations.	2	0
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.	0	0
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.	2	0
- i asked for them spicy and they were delicious).	0	1
It is terrific, as is the value.	0	1
It is terrific, as is the value.	1	1
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great!	0	1
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.	1	0
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size.	0	0
The food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.	0	1
The food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.	2	1
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.	2	0
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well.	2	1
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.	0	0
Could be pricey without a prix fixe meal.	1	0
One of us actually liked the expresso - that's it.	0	0
Everyone was more then happy with his choices.	2	1
Again, the waitress was awesome.	2	1
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.	0	1
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.	2	1
The food was just OK, I would never go back.	0	0
Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining.	2	1
i recommend the thai popcorn :)	0	1
Everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.	0	1
As soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out.	2	0
The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed.	0	1
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent.	0	1
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who didn't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night (for the coat check girls).	2	0
My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I couldn't believe the food.	0	1
Ummm...the beer was cold.	0	1
We had great desserts (including the best cannoli I've ever had) and then they offered an after dinner drink, on the house.	0	1
We had great desserts (including the best cannoli I've ever had) and then they offered an after dinner drink, on the house.	2	1
We asked to be moved (which took half an hour), and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back, even though the rest of the room was practically empty.	2	0
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.	0	1
The Halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.	0	0
The Halibut was too salty, dessert was so so (don't waste any of your calories) and service was poor.	2	0
The view is spectacular, and the food is great.	0	1
Good bagels and good cream cheese.	0	1
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.	0	1
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.	2	1
It is also extremely well priced.	1	1
Always great service!	2	1
I am happy i did the food was awsome.	0	1
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.	0	0
I recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.	0	1
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.	0	1
Then, get ripped on free box wine.	0	1
Then, get ripped on free box wine.	1	1
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.	0	1
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.	0	0
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.	2	0
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.	0	0
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.	2	0
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere.	0	1
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.	0	0
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.	2	0
Good food.	0	1
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.	0	0
The pesto pizza was excellent, thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I'd never heard of before.	0	1
try the spicy shrimp appetizer (again, not the greatest value in the world but worth the price) and the lamb vindaloo is great.	0	1
try the spicy shrimp appetizer (again, not the greatest value in the world but worth the price) and the lamb vindaloo is great.	1	0
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!	0	0
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit	0	0
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit	2	0
When you want a piece of beef, head on over.	0	1
Delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.	0	1
Incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic Thai restaurant.	0	1
Incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic Thai restaurant.	1	1
Also, if you don't want to sit at a certain table, you don't have to!	2	1
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning!	1	0
The menu has lots of options: I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes.	0	1
The staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and I am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.	2	0
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them, as they tend to offer large portions.	0	1
I've overheard comments from him to his employees that should not have been delivered in the dining area and I've been sitting there while he lectured another customer.	2	0
Delicious crab cakes too.	0	1
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna.	2	1
Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you.	2	0
The bruschetta and panini's are so yummy!	0	1
Food was okay, nothing great.	0	0
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety, serving almost 40% of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance.	0	0
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.	0	1
If you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share, Kai may not be the best option.	0	0
go here for the drinks!	0	1
The first 2 courses were very good, but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet.	0	0
Butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.	0	0
We had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning.	2	1
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.	0	0
Authentic Pakistani food.	0	1
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating, and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions.	2	1
The eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce.	0	1
Quality ingredients preparation all around, and a very fair price for NYC.	0	1
Quality ingredients preparation all around, and a very fair price for NYC.	1	1
Service was very good - prompt, attentive and non-intrusive.	2	1
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.	0	0
We began with the cheese fondue (the artisanal blend) and added apples and kielbasa to dip.	0	0
Its not curry in a slurry crap, and regular run of the mill food.	0	0
In fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and I couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.	0	0
Even though the restaurant was packed, we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems.	2	1
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.	0	0
The bread is the soft paratha bread (unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta), and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful.	0	1
Service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, I'm willing to overlook it.	2	0
Service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, I'm willing to overlook it.	1	1
Service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, I'm willing to overlook it.	0	1
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.	0	1
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.	1	0
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.	0	1
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.	2	1
An excellent service	2	1
The food however, is what one might expect.	0	0
I LOVE their Thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST!	0	1
The pizza was really good.	0	1
Food is average, and I would say even the chain restaurant Baluchi's tastes better.	0	0
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.	0	1
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.	0	1
A little crowded but they move that line really fast!	2	1
Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them.	0	1
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.	2	1
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice.	1	1
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.	0	1
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.	2	0
The bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that I will never go back.	2	0
Their sushi, Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented.	0	1
For authentic Thai food, look no further than Toons.	0	1
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.	0	0
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.	1	0
I choose to go with one of the special, the braised lamb shank in red wine, which was excellent.	0	1
If anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines,please check their wine list.	0	1
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.	2	0
Have the iced tea.	0	1
Small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.	0	0
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce!	0	0
They are FAST.	2	1
The food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings I've had.	0	1
The food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings I've had.	1	1
There are much better places in NY with better prices.	1	0
Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys.	0	1
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.	0	0
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive.	1	0
Everything is delicious, though, my gf and I come here once a week sometimes- you will get addicted!	0	1
I've waited over one hour for food.	2	0
Other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.	0	1
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.	2	0
Stay away from the latter since you won't go for seconds (hint hint).	0	0
not only does make the best pizza in NY , maybe anywhere.	0	1
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I've had at this price range.	0	1
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I've had at this price range.	1	1
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.	0	0
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.	1	0
Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine.	2	1
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.	0	1
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.	2	1
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city.	0	1
Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.	0	1
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll.	0	1
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.	0	0
Considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.	1	0
Considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.	0	0
This is the pinnacle of Indian Fast Food (all fast foods in my opinion).	0	1
Besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.	2	0
The wine list is also really nice.	0	1
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	0	1
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	2	1
Service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!	1	1
Compared to Ess-a, Tal offers a less doughy bagel!	0	0
Ballato's is consistently delicious authentic italian food.	0	1
The service was attentive, yet discreet.	2	1
For those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more.	1	0
Then, IF they answer the phone, you're lucky if they don't hang up on you!	2	0
They offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you.	0	0
They offer the same menu but have creative drinks that are loaded with alcohol and cheeky names -- but they do cost you.	1	0
We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food.	0	1
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions.	0	1
You have to increase the service a lot.	2	0
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small (especially the appetizers), so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef's special tasting menu, prepare to order and pay for an appetizer (1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing), a main entree, and the cold udon at the end of the meal.	0	0
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.	2	0
After we got our sashimi order, I could not believe how small the portions were!	0	0
After the main course came, we didn't see our waiter for at least 40 MINUTES!	2	0
Nothing better than buying a snapple for $3.25 too.	1	1
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets, and then ordered for them.	2	0
Service is extraordinary, yet not overbearing, and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens.	2	1
The dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally I'd drink popcorn topping before I'd eat another one of these.	0	0
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.	0	1
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.	2	1
Until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating.	2	0
always fresh and delicious.	0	1
The food was very good, but not very thai.	0	0
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.	0	0
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.	2	1
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty.	0	1
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it, they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato.	0	0
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.	0	1
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.	2	1
Their sake martini is wonderful.	0	1
Found service above average, but that could be because we were 13 of us.	2	1
Bagels are ok, but be sure not to make any special requests!	0	0
fine dining restaurant quality.	0	1
Overall a disappointing experience for that price category.	1	0
The food was exceptional.	0	1
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.	0	0
(and I have eaten my share) Which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve.	2	1
The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.	0	1
The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.	2	1
The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.	1	0
Had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.	0	0
Had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.	1	0
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town!	0	1
Slightly above average wines start at $70+ with only one selection listed at $30+.	0	0
Slightly above average wines start at $70+ with only one selection listed at $30+.	1	0
Their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo.	0	1
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).	1	1
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end, not one person takes responsibility for anything.	2	0
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.	0	0
The waitresses are nice--also you can just get counter service sit.	2	1
The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar.	2	0
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, La Villa can't be beat.	0	1
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, La Villa can't be beat.	1	1
Won't or Can't is not in the service directory.	2	1
I cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant.	2	1
The red curry is weak and tasteless, the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy, the rice is often overcooked, and the seafood is pretty sketchy.	0	0
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.	0	1
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.	1	1
Saul is pretty good, but definitely not great.	0	1
I would recommend Roxy's for that, but not for their food.	0	0
Overall I was impressed and will return, it's a great QPR (Quality to Price Ratio).	1	1
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic.	0	1
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired, but the food is very good.	0	1
The flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive, nothing flashy.	0	1
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong, it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!	2	0
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.	0	0
But $1 for each small piece???	1	0
big and soft as well as good lunch food.	0	1
No food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.	0	1
I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant.	0	1
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant.	0	1
As for the bar, this is another bad idea.	0	0
Their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a 'special' bagel experience.	0	0
Unlike HH up the block, this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for.	0	1
The barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry.	0	1
What generous portions!	0	1
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).	0	0
The wine the service was very good too.	0	1
The wine the service was very good too.	2	1
So, the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious.	0	1
The highly spiced chai tea was great too.	0	1
I have been there many times, and food is good and consistent.	0	1
Seriously, this is the best all you can eat in town- As everyone says, the Spicy Tuna hand rolls are the best- have 4 of these, and you've broken even.	0	1
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City, the food was not what I had hoped for.	0	0
The meat dishes were only so-so.	0	0
His wife Tanya, the hostess, completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious.	2	1
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food, better then places like Balthazar etc.	0	1
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village, and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, I have been hesitant to be disloyal.	0	0
And you're hungry a few hours later.	0	0
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.	2	1
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth.	2	1
You don't go to Mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.	0	1
You don't go to Mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.	2	0
The service is always bad though, don't expect much of anything from your server, and I would not recommend bringing a date here either.	2	0
Monday nights are a bargain at the $28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus *three* glasses of wine paired with each course.	1	1
It took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses.	2	0
The service is descent even when this small place is packed.	2	1
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down.	0	1
Great value for the quality ingredients.	0	1
Great value for the quality ingredients.	1	1
The Thali was small, thoroughly unremarkable, and $14.95.	0	0
The Thali was small, thoroughly unremarkable, and $14.95.	1	0
The sushi is also great!	0	1
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I can't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing.	0	1
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter.	2	1
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.	0	1
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.	2	0
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries.	0	1
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.	2	1
The makhani was OK --the korma was bland.	0	0
The food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring.	0	1
though the service could be better (possibly due to more than one very large group in the house), it is very cordial and warm, as is the general clientele.	2	0
The lox is always fresh too.	0	1
Sure enough, exactly 30 minutes later we got the call and were seated promptly.	2	1
Service was very friendly.	2	1
So all I'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I've ever been to.	0	1
Food was OK - fish was cooked well.	0	1
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food.	0	1
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world.	0	1
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff, because despite the current one this is a great place.	2	0
The service does sometimes lack focus and it is not ideal if you are in a hurry but I have never been treated rudely.	2	0
The staff offers impeccable service.	2	1
The catch is that you are charged extra for ANYTHING that you leave on your plate so don't be a greedy pig!	1	0
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.	0	1
This place doesn't compare with Mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consisent quality, but that's just my opinion.	0	0
This place doesn't compare with Mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consisent quality, but that's just my opinion.	1	0
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years, Emilio(the Godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.	1	1
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years, Emilio(the Godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.	0	1
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal.	0	1
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.	2	0
And the bill was outragous.	1	0
The service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.	0	1
The service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.	2	1
The service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.	1	1
Kind, attentive wait staff.	2	1
Salads were fantastic.	0	1
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.	0	1
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.	2	1
The food is yummy, especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries.	0	1
The food is authentic Italian - delicious!	0	1
skip dessert.	0	0
We spent $200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed.	1	0
It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool.	2	0
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.	2	1
It's all about the food !!	0	1
Fast service.	2	1
The staff is excellent, specjal: that girl behind the bar, european chic.	2	1
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.	0	1
The service was bad, the food took to forever to come, we sat on the upper level.	2	0
We a menu that rearely changes,e xcept for one or two specials, the quality and care they put in thier food in evident.	0	1
This restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced.	1	1
Bottom line: B+ for the food, F for the service.	0	1
Bottom line: B+ for the food, F for the service.	2	0
The only thing the waiters don't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave.	2	1
Stick to dimsum, not super overpriced noodles.	0	0
Stick to dimsum, not super overpriced noodles.	1	0
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view.	2	1
We, there were four of us, arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude.	2	0
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.	0	1
The food is good, but very expensive for the casualness of it.	0	0
The food is good, but very expensive for the casualness of it.	1	0
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices.	1	0
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else.	0	0
Try sushimi cucumber roll.	0	1
The food is delicious.	0	1
Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $30.	0	1
Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $30.	1	1
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.	2	1
Yeah Shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out.	0	0
The food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.	0	1
The food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.	2	1
The bagels always warm, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside and enormous in size.	0	1
Service is fast and friendly.	2	1
And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world!	0	1
My husband and I enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full.	0	1
I went here with a friend on a whim, we went someplace else first and couldn't get a table.	2	0
We all ate pasta entre'es, which were great.	0	1
The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had (I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat).	0	1
The food was boring and expensive.	0	0
The food was boring and expensive.	1	0
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes.	0	1
The service is ok but could be better.	2	0
We love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!	0	1
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.	2	0
Nothing against a good sales call, but the tactics at Amma are just too obvious.	2	0
Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.	2	0
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!	0	1
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!	2	1
If you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.	0	1
If you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.	1	1
However, for what we spent, overall, it just was not up to par.	1	0
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual.	2	1
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.	0	1
I recommend their Pad See Ew, Pork Chops or Tofu plates.	0	1
Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $3.00 in NYC.	0	1
Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $3.00 in NYC.	1	1
this is the best secret place in midtown', I heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday.	0	1
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive.	2	1
The main course had an average portion, and was decent overall.	0	1
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other.	2	0
Waitstaff is great, very attentive.	2	1
The dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well.	0	1
In any event, even though its a bit on the pricey side, we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back.	1	0
I don't like Indian food too much and this was delicious, however you want to factor that into the equation.	0	1
at taj, vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven.	0	1
I won't go back unless someone else is footing the bill.	1	0
We live in New Jersey and whenever we go into New York City we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze (they told me that if I call in the order, they'd bring it out to the car so I wouldn't have to look for parking).	2	1
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles' heel.	2	0
The $300 bill was a bit steep, but the experience was great.	1	0
Nice ambiance, nice little bar, good bartender, Francois, and good service.	2	1
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce, and the duck noodles are yummy as well.	0	1
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.	0	1
Simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions.	0	1
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu, though- too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick.	0	0
We didn't get drink refills and she didn't even offer us the option of dessert.	2	0
The bagels are also reasonably priced for NYC.	1	1
Also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.	0	0
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	2	1
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	1	0
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.	0	0
When my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more) I can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget If you never go, you'll miss A Meal of your life time	0	1
When my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more) I can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget If you never go, you'll miss A Meal of your life time	1	1
in an effort to increase turnover, the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse.	2	0
I've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I'm craving for Pho, Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice, this is the place to go.	0	1
The food is spectacular, from the appitizers to the main course, and then of course the desserts, (WOW) you'll need no more.	0	1
My fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce.	0	1
Even upon delivery, their juicy pork buns are quite good . .	0	1
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.	0	1
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.	2	0
The entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt.	2	0
And they provided a delicious dessert on the house!	0	1
And they provided a delicious dessert on the house!	1	1
And they provided a delicious dessert on the house!	2	1
They are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine, so if you want to make a reservation you are limited.	2	0
The food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.	0	1
Food was very good, but not what I would consider out of this world.	0	1
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz. of Maine Lobster in it.	0	1
Try the Pad Thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!	0	1
Try the Pad Thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!	1	1
Food is great and inexpensive.	0	1
Food is great and inexpensive.	1	1
The price very reasonable.	1	1
Dessert - can't be missed, so save room!!!	0	1
It can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order, but once the food is ordered, you are in for a treat.	0	1
Take a good sense of humor,an American express card with no limit, walk out with a lollipop,gift bag in hand and enough marketing materials for alain to to take the show on the road	1	0
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me.	0	1
It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food.	0	0
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys  fine cuisine at reasonable prices.	0	1
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys  fine cuisine at reasonable prices.	1	1
This is, by far, my favorite restaurant in NYC and I only wish it were more affordable so I could go more often!	1	0
The staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.	0	1
The staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.	2	1
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine, even with no idea how to use them.	0	0
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.	0	1
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.	2	1
The waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.	0	1
The waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.	2	1
The waiters are sweet, the food is tasty and the bill is never too large.	1	1
The service was superb, they treat you like family.	2	1
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, I felt there was more than enough food.	0	1
It only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table, but standing up wasn't too bad.	2	1
The menu may be small, but everything on it is delicious.	0	0
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice -RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL.	0	0
It was divine melts in your mouth.	0	1
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato (with espresso), which were tasty, but I thought a bit overpriced.	0	1
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato (with espresso), which were tasty, but I thought a bit overpriced.	1	0
We ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn't a problem to get our table immediately.	2	1
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.The	2	1
The well mannered, pleasant staff that Tony has in his employ.	2	1
The flavors robust and subtle.	0	1
All I can say is $2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you'll find in the city, though the quality is some of the best.	0	1
All I can say is $2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you'll find in the city, though the quality is some of the best.	1	1
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake, both were delicious.	0	1
The counter service is bad.	2	0
Service here was great, food was fantastic.	0	1
Service here was great, food was fantastic.	2	1
The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect.	0	1
You will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY.	0	0
You will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY.	1	0
They have some great entrees here as well.	0	1
The service is not consistently excellent -- just decent.	2	0
The food, served in small tasting portions (as an option) is very good with each dish being better than the next.	0	1
They do cater to American palates, but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige!	0	1
They do cater to American palates, but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige!	2	1
I had the mango chicken and i can't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful.	0	1
I care more about the food and ambience.	0	0
Oh, but wait, we were out of drinks (which were also delightfully overpriced).	0	0
Oh, but wait, we were out of drinks (which were also delightfully overpriced).	1	0
The service is fantastic.	2	1
The garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city!	0	1
Food and service was okay.	0	0
Food and service was okay.	2	0
The lamb meat was under-cooked and EXTRMELY CHEWY.	0	0
The best pad thai i've ever had.	0	1
Over time, the food quality has decreased substantially, it is a lot less crowded than it used to, and the service must definitely be part of the reason.	0	0
Over time, the food quality has decreased substantially, it is a lot less crowded than it used to, and the service must definitely be part of the reason.	2	0
Great pizza and fantastic service.	0	1
Great pizza and fantastic service.	2	1
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date.	2	0
While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way, the food was insultingly horrible.	0	0
None of that yucky whipped stuff.	0	1
The wine list isn't great, and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno's down the street, which is not as good as it used to be.	0	0
I ordered a Lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it.	2	0
Their coffee is quite good too!	0	1
great wine list (italian), good food, service was INITIALLY fine.	0	1
great wine list (italian), good food, service was INITIALLY fine.	2	0
i know, you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored, but my agenda is i'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends, seeking a pleasant experience.	2	0
As far as the service goes, the waitresses were not particularly friendly, but they got the job done.	2	0
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place, but also become hostile!	2	0
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested.	2	0
Normally that would be improper, however they were all delicious and my host did not complain.	0	1
Taxan delicious!	0	1
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker, here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion (and price).	0	0
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker, here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion (and price).	1	1
Southern Indian cuisine is still there, too.	0	0
They couldn't even make a salad that was appealing.	0	0
For two people with tip was less than $25 bucks.	1	1
Killer Sushi!	0	1
Of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious!	0	1
Staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.	0	1
Staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.	2	0
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you.	2	0
Plus they made a perfect martini.	0	1
I am not sure if I would call the food here Indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be French with an Indian or exotic touch.	0	0
The waiter was attentive.	2	1
Their Margarita is best I've had since I've returned from Naples!	0	1
The tastes makes your mouth water for more.	0	1
Their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for Purple Haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!	0	1
Their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for Purple Haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!	2	1
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.	0	0
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.	1	0
The food was actually aweful.	0	0
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.	0	1
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.	1	1
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great!	2	1
My husband and I both ordered the Steak, medium.	0	0
Furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.	0	0
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine.	0	1
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but.	0	0
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but.	1	0
My wife and I also enjoyed the spinach, the Shanghai low mein, and other attractions.	0	1
Several of the dim sum orders had about 6-8 pieces.	0	0
If you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here!	0	1
Three page wine menu, one page entree and horedevous.	0	1
The food is consistently wonderful - I've been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly.	0	1
The food is consistently wonderful - I've been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly.	2	1
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but weren't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected.	2	0
And the food was fantastic.	0	1
If you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).	0	1
Aside from the Sea Urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail, Boton Shrimp, Blue Fin Torro (Fatty Tuna), Sea Eel, etc.	0	0
They're also friendlier here, especially the owner, Kenny.	2	1
While the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.	0	1
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.	2	1
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal, but some dishes are quite good, such as the eggplant parmesan, veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca.	0	0
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered, but some other items that were not ordered.	2	0
You can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge!	0	1
You can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge!	2	1
The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher! 2 for 1's.	0	1
Slightly on the pricey side but worth it!	1	0
If it isn't for the food (A+++), it must be the service or the ambience.	0	1
If it isn't for the food (A+++), it must be the service or the ambience.	2	1
During the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.	2	0
During the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.	0	0
Overall, not worth the money.	1	0
This place is not worth the prices.	1	0
Pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city.	0	1
It's called Gnochi alla nona and is found under Chef Specials.	0	0
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.	0	0
The fried dumplings are GREAT!	0	1
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city.	0	1
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there, sharing a large Pelligrino, a pizza of two of their specials, one was goat cheese the other blue cheese, and both were excellent.	0	1
The 'kamasutra' and 'bombay cosmopolitan' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time.	0	1
The dim sum here is only so-so.	0	0
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.	0	1
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.	1	1
Just straight up cheap, good food.	0	1
Just straight up cheap, good food.	1	1
Even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine, if you can call $70.00 inexpensive, the cost is through the roof for better than average fare.	1	0
Service was slow, but the people were friendly.	2	0
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table.	0	1
The steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty.	0	0
And affordable.	1	1
The staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL!	0	1
The staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL!	2	1
The food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not (like the steak dish which tends to be dry).	0	0
They have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody.	0	1
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.	2	0
The bagel was huge.	0	1
Get the tuna of gari.	0	1
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.	0	0
Edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area.	0	0
Edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area.	1	0
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.	2	0
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant.	2	1
Service- friendly and attentive.	2	1
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed.	2	1
Great food, great decor, great service.	0	1
Great food, great decor, great service.	2	1
And, atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space, they left us awkardly seated.	2	0
The palak paneer was standard, and I was not a fan of the malai kofta.	0	0
I've dined at Alain Ducasse's restaurant in Monte Carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience.	1	1
Yeah, sometimes the service can be slow.	2	0
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.	0	1
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.	2	1
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle, the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4, which makes no sense whatsoever.	1	0
They sell special sushi, everything have a topping, sauce and etc.	0	1
They never came back to refill our glasses again.	2	0
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.	2	1
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.	0	1
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.	2	1
Service was also very good.	2	1
I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it, but they were not!	0	0
They're rude at times, and not very friendly.	2	0
I'm happy to have Nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting.	0	1
They kindly brought us more to see if it was better, but it was not!	0	0
love the food.	0	1
All the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews.	0	1
Best Reuben sandwich ever!	0	1
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat.	0	1
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well!	0	1
The sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).	0	0
The sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).	2	0
Frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side.	0	1
Alone for 100 bucks, it is really overprice.	1	0
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork.	0	1
Overall, the best bagel in town.	0	1
It was huge, delicious, fresh, and will be the reason we return.	0	1
Light, refreshing summer rolls (not fried) remind me of Vietnamese places in Paris.	0	1
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned.	0	1
but the service was a bit slow.	2	0
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.	0	1
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.	1	0
No one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates.	2	0
We had a 3 hour brunch- they definitely do not rush you- and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time.	2	1
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!	0	0
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!	2	0
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!	1	0
The service was excellent, the food was excellent, but the entire experience was very cool.	0	1
The service was excellent, the food was excellent, but the entire experience was very cool.	2	1
The service is good and the resturant is clean.	2	1
Just stick with the small dishes!	0	0
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables, but the service could have been better.	2	0
I've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years I've been going.	2	1
Food is excellent.	0	1
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.	0	1
Excellent lunch buffet for only $6.95.	0	1
Excellent lunch buffet for only $6.95.	1	1
both are very reasonably priced (around $8 for dinner and $5 for lunch), and are delicious and filling.	0	1
both are very reasonably priced (around $8 for dinner and $5 for lunch), and are delicious and filling.	1	1
The portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.	0	1
My boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly!	0	1
This wasn't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup, but I thought that was what made the place so special.	0	1
Good food at the restaurant (a bit expensive, but great if you want to impress your date).	0	1
Good food at the restaurant (a bit expensive, but great if you want to impress your date).	1	0
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.	0	1
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.	2	1
You can't say its cheap because food is cheaper in Chinatown.	1	0
I have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good.	0	1
great eats, good times.	0	1
Grilled whole fish wonderful, great spicing.	0	1
For years, I thought Tuscan cuisine was the best, but Salvatore converted me to the hearty Neapolitan fare on my first visit.	0	1
Plus, when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night, the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over!	2	1
The service was great as well.	2	1
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll.	0	1
The food was delicious, the atmosphere was relaxed, and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second!	0	1
From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed.	2	1
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.	0	1
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.	2	1
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.	1	1
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.	0	0
The food is definitely good, but I left a bit disappointed.	0	0
I am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place!	0	0
The drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.	0	1
The drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.	2	0
There is a downside if you're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude.	2	0
The all-Italian staff is warm and engaging from the start.	2	1
The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber.	1	1
The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber.	0	1
If you go here - your focus should be the Tamarind Margaritas.	0	1
The filet mignon dish was superb!	0	1
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.	0	1
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table.	2	1
The food is good, I can't lie.	0	1
great food, lt's of it, more then one person can eat!	0	1
I didn't expect to like Nosh as much as I did, but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly, the soups are like Mom's, and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel's a run for its money.	0	1
This place is worth going even if only for their beer.	0	1
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto-yum!).	0	1
The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.	0	1
The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.	1	1
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers, no matter what the reviews say.	0	0
The sandwhiches are out-of-this world!	0	1
The food was very well prepared.	0	1
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though.	0	1
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though.	1	1
Good, because hey, it's more food, but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap.	0	0
While most people can attest to spending over $50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing, the drinks here are plentiful and unique.	0	0
While most people can attest to spending over $50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing, the drinks here are plentiful and unique.	1	0
Complimentary stuff kept coming, and when the waiter saw me opening a gift, I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it, with a candlevery nice touch, and attentive staff.	2	1
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called, cold and soggy.	0	0
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called, cold and soggy.	2	0
If you go for the pre-theatre menu, it's an even greater deal.	1	1
The one up front will smile and say What can I get for you, brother?	2	0
If you are someone who appreciates simplicity, elegance, and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size, Kai is your place.	0	0
The prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.	1	1
The prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.	0	1
Check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.	0	1
Check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.	1	1
Little Tonino's is just awesome, our favorite delivery place in Kennsington, honestly the best Gnochi I have ever had!	0	1
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES.	0	0
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES.	2	0
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES.	1	0
I have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal.	0	1
We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty.	0	1
We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty.	1	1
Horrible food and Horrible service.	0	0
Horrible food and Horrible service.	2	0
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and can't wait to try the fondue or table grilling.	0	1
They treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared.	0	1
They treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared.	2	1
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu.	0	1
THE BIG COMPLAINT: NO TOASTING AVAILABLE.	0	0
Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.	0	1
Volare virgins or weekly regulars, everyone gets treated the same and you can't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly.	2	1
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.	0	0
The food came out wrong, the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal.	2	0
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection, and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites.	0	1
We saw them heating up at least one frozen item though I'm not sure which dim sum dish it was.	0	0
No you're going to go back because the food was good.	0	1
The food was great and the service was even better.	0	1
The food was great and the service was even better.	2	1
While this can hardly be called a restaurant, it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten: $4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees.	1	1
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef (usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt).	0	1
Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.	0	0
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge!	0	1
I really recommend the very simple Unda (Egg) rolls.	0	1
Very good wine choices.	0	1
We were seated and ignored by waitstaff.	2	0
They showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt.	2	0
Tasty steak, pork loin, the works.	0	1
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.	2	1
The burger was great, also.	0	1
they did give a 15% discount at the end, wasn't enough, as they knew the service was horrible.	2	0
Just because it's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, IT IS GREAT!	0	1
Just because it's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, IT IS GREAT!	1	1
The pizza was great.	0	1
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty (could've used a bit more salt).	0	1
however, it's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth.	2	0
When we notified him that he didn't mention the specials, he didn't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless.	2	0
The price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate.	1	1
Don't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes, they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections.	0	0
Kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family.	2	1
They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent.	0	1
All in all the food was above average and I would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners.	0	1
Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!	0	1
Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!	2	1
Delicious food, excellent service, and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch!	1	1
For appetizers, I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings.	0	1
And cheap!	1	1
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food.	0	0
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food.	2	1
Try the Times Square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka (also available without vodka.)	0	1
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy's!	0	1
Great wine, great food.	0	1
The service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.	2	0
The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to.	0	1
The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to.	2	1
I've always been seated propmtly.	2	1
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives.	0	0
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	0	1
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.	1	1
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.	0	1
Sake collection was excellent (Try Nanbu Bijin), but pricy.	0	1
Sake collection was excellent (Try Nanbu Bijin), but pricy.	1	0
Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole.	0	1
One of my favorites though was the Angry Lobster, a cold lobster salad that was magnificent.	0	1
Ask for Usha, the nicest bartender in manhattan.	2	1
The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better.	0	1
The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better.	2	1
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to Suan again and again.	1	1
They treat me like family, morning and night.	2	1
Service was on par but not wonderful.	2	0
Deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area.	2	0
Deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area.	1	0
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.	0	0
I've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.	0	0
Because of the delicate thin crust, take-out pies get soggy in their boxes.	0	0
The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it.	0	0
We were then shooed inside.	2	0
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend, which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand.	0	0
Appetizers are somewhere around $7 each and the main dishes are between $11 and $16.	1	0
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies.	0	0
A gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.	2	0
He was terribly thirsty after the meal too.	0	0
In fact, it appears he is going to go postal at any moment.	2	0
The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available.	0	0
Get the soup and a nosh (pastrami sandwich) for $8 and you're golden.	0	1
Get the soup and a nosh (pastrami sandwich) for $8 and you're golden.	1	1
We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available.	2	0
To my right, the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido, rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six.	2	0
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi.	0	0
Our first greeting when we entered was The last call is at 10:15.	2	0
I'm partial to the Gnocchi.	0	1
I visit New Green Bo when I have money or when I am broke.	1	0
Note that they do not serve beer, you must bring your own.	2	0
The service was typical short-order, dinner type.	2	0
We shared a bottle of sake, an order of edamames, and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi.	0	0
From the appetizers we ate, the dim sum and other variety of foods, it was impossible to criticize the food.	0	1
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.	0	0
Housekeeping is extra but everything else that The Signature offers is included in the price (resort fee is included in RbOD's price).	1	2
I booked this hotel through Priceline's name your own price deal.	1	2
We were watching the price of the mini-vans, and for a long time, they were the same price as the pickups, so we were trying to decide what we wanted.	1	2
Like tonight, there's about $40 bucks difference in price between the two hotels.	1	2
The price is right for $59.00 per night.	1	2
The price for our 2-bedroom suite for a week.	1	2
3 stars for competitive pricing (newer RVs for the same price as the nastier RVs rented by el monte and Cruise America)	1	2
I found a cheap price through Expedia for this hotel in Toronto for a weekend trip from Mtl.	1	2
 But the price is worth it especially for the location if you are staying out in Scarborough.	1	2
The price was competitive at 139 per night with little short notice booking.	1	2
So why didn't I go back, despite weekly travels to Chambana for the first half of this year? Mainly, it's because other hotels at this price point have better features.	1	2
This is an older hotel and it looks it, but remember the price too.	1	2
 Overall, I had to give it 3\/5 stars because I've stayed at other hotels for the same price that have necessities like a fridge, microwave, and continental breakfast.	1	2
they advertise a price and slap on extra for this shit plus for registration plus for some kind of insurance for loss of key...what BS!	1	2
We rented a nice mini van for our family at a good price but the inside was all dirty when we got it.	1	2
I would recommend getting the 4-tix for one price coupon that includes House on the Rock, Little Norway, Cave of the Mounds and Wollersheim Winery.	1	2
The price included buffet breakfast.	1	2
When I drove up to this hotel I was nervous, but the Clarion Hotel Airport & Conference Center exceeded my expectations for a hotel of this price and in this location (i.e.	1	2
Usually buying tickets a month in advance will give you the lowest price of $15.	1	2
Most of the better shows were 2 for the price of 1.	1	2
Breakfast buffet was included in the package, which was ok, again for the price you are paying id expect more, the food was cafeteria good.	1	2
 Also, we aware that there is a 22% tax on top of whatever price you are quoted.	1	2
Editing my review because the office made it right and got us an upgraded car at the price we originally reserved.	1	2
I stayed here while attending a friends wedding as this was the suggested hotel and at a discount price of $105 plus tax it still felt a bit much for what it was.	1	2
Although I was able to find the same price on a souvenir store nearby an attraction.	1	2
Anyways - I appreciate the fact that there were \/ are bikes to rent, the price was good, and I liked that the lock on the wheel means you don't have to dock it.	1	2
I just hoped for the price I would receive better service.	1	2
We paid full price for use of these things but they were not available.	1	2
First one to write a review? Anyways the price is right @ $79 for South Rim Bus tour.	1	2
Breakfast looked like standard fare for hotels at this price point.	1	2
 For the price - $141.00 for three nights - I would stay again.	1	2
There is nothing at the buffet that implies some guests will have vouchers and the price is not posted anywhere.	1	2
Large rooms and very good price for the location (usually around $45 - $50 a night).	1	2
 These add-on fees can often double the daily price of a rental:  $39 per day for a car and $35 per day of taxes and fees.	1	2
My hotwire price was $76.00.	1	2
I just paid full price and deposit and staying in the same old rooms from the previous visits before.	1	2
 Starbuck is half the price after all of the additional fees and it is right around the corner.	1	2
For the price of $55\/night was decent and free wifi in my room something that i have not found in other casinos on the strip like the excalibur.	1	2
No matter what the price they charge for the rooms.	1	2
 You can't beat it for the price if you have a big group of people.	1	2
 I figured with that price it included my tip.	1	2
 But the price differential is about $15 per night at most, between the suites and rooms.	1	2
 But taking price into account, it's a 5.	1	2
To give you an idea, the selling price of a Malibu is $22,555 - $31,850, and that of an Elantra is $17,985 - $23,185.	1	2
So I rented the compact Elantra for 7 days, at the price of a full-size.	1	2
I just recall the Blue Label in the price range of $450-550.	1	2
These are not brand new but for the price of one cab ride you get a car for a long weekend.	1	2
 There is one restaurant across the street but if price is the same i'd look for something closer to campus.	1	2
I got a discounted price from a third party website.	1	2
 He told me the price would be $299 with completing a timeshare presentation.	1	2
She couldn't figure out why the price changed.	1	2
Blair was able to refund my company's \"late charge fees\" (which is full price at one hour btw) because we had to go to another service due the fact that they could not accommodate our needs.	1	2
The home page lists all of the hot clubs in the area, price range, interior photos, dress code, and music type.	1	2
I called All Star Taxi inquiring about the price of a trip.	1	2
I called and was told a price and then was charged more plus a $20 deposit.	1	2
Same price stay at Carefree Resort  good location but lower then motel 6.	1	2
Often a company's website would give me a quote and when I called in they would list taxes or fees that weren't included in the online quote and which changed the price significantly.	1	2
So, unless you know ALL toll roads in Canada, keep in mind to add $50 to the quoted price of your rental car when you are renting from this company.	1	2
 They even let us choose the car in our price range.	1	2
We were given a beautiful room with a queen size bed with 6 pillows, fridge, mini-coffee maker, microwave, hair dryer at military price of $87+tax.	1	2
Newer hotel, price is great with 2 beds and a sofa bed , free breakfast ...	1	2
I asked her why the price had doubled, and she told me taxes and fees.	1	2
 Basically, anywhere you shop will have the same price point...	1	2
The price started at $25,000 and 3 hours later, as they wouldn't let us out of the building, we kept being passed up the chain from manager to manager until the price dropped to $2,000.	1	2
 I found one in Chandler, and it was the same price range.	1	2
The one I found in Chandler was about the same price as Children's Safari.	1	2
Booked on-line after judging by price & reviews.	1	2
They also included the price for a full tank of gas on the reservation.	1	2
children 12 and under are half price 	1	2
I told her I wasn't paying the upgraded price to use this car.	1	2
Parking is available for a $4 fee if you arrive in the morning and half the price if you arrive in the afternoon.	1	2
My one beef with the renovated Courtyards is that breakfast is no longer included in the price of the room.	1	2
Then on the phone they made up reasons to make the price go up.	1	2
I'm pretty familiar with international travel so I wanted to see what price they would quote me at.	1	2
we saw this place on groupon and while they didn't have availability to book on groupon, their front desk agent matched the price for us.	1	2
It was only after my flight was booked and confirmed that I was informed that the price on the confirmation page is only based on the CAD to US exchange rate of that specific day.	1	2
I had reserved two trucks with Budget because of the price for within a week of each other.	1	2
So I asked if all that is not included in the hotel price and she said no.	1	2
 The price should have been $75\/hr for the  Escalade plus $50 for the wedding package and it was to include a 20% gratuity for the driver.	1	2
FlyFar the price was $2029.96 when we	1	2
me my final checkout price when I bought the tickets,	1	2
The price TGC pays for the \"group\" depends on the locality.	1	2
The price they charge for these excursions are 2 to 5 times the normal price.	1	2
When we arrived (take your shoes off!), the host and owner, Alain sat down with us and showed us where we were situated on a map, where the nearest metro stops were, places to see, nearby restaurants (and which ones are BYOB), where to buy wine for a reasonable price for said BYOB restaurants, and more.	1	2
 To start, I was able to book everything online with price quotes.	1	2
\"Rebooking: 70 USD + price difference	1	2
The price difference was $40 for the ticket.	1	2
While I didn't care where I sat, I checked it off and saw the price stayed the same so I proceeded.	1	2
Read the cancellation charges first and then decide if the price is actually \"cheap\".	1	2
I even provided them with an opportunity to correct the situation by either adjusting the price or having the correct bus pick us up and take us home.	1	2
Which mean the price excluding all the taxes and insurance coverage.	1	2
We guaranteed that his price offered of $300 would include driver gratuity, a 30-min pick-up waiting window between 8:40pm-9:10pm as our reception was ending so we could decided when to leave, and a 25 minute drive to our hotel.	1	2
He said it was no problem and assured me 3 different times of the pick up location, time, car type, and price over the phone.	1	2
We actually booked by a third party agency cause their price was better than booking through Vision direct but the service of Vision was spot on! The plan with smooth and the personal was very professional.	1	2
My choice was based on cost as they were the best price for a trip from the airport to home.	1	2
It's a nice clean updated hotel, it offers a custom breakfast made to order, one at 1\/2 price per room..	1	2
Therefor they gave me a full size 2015 DODGE CHARGER at the same rate as my original price FOR an economy.	1	2
It was also unclear that the quoted price was per night and not for both nights.	1	2
Seriously?) The price DOUBLES to $30.	1	2
 There were tons of cars to choose from in my selected price range, but when I asked if there was a mid-size SUV that would integrate with my phone, they didn't even make me check all of them - they just took me to one in the next higher range that worked for me.	1	2
 Vehicle could be sold for the price of a ride in my opinion.	1	2
I called to reserve 2 scooters and asked the price he told me it was 160 for 4 days.	1	2
We chose this hotel for the price and pictures of the mini suites.	1	2
 The price was only about $72 with tax.	1	2
My expected price is 7$ per day.	1	2
- Driver asked us for a tip (it was clearly stated that the price was inclusive of tip)	1	2
 We ate a lunch at one of the local restaurants (the price of the meal isn't included in your tour payment).	1	2
For the same price as any other tour, we were essentially given a private VIP tour to Niagara Falls.	1	2
When I went to make a purchase for soda there was no purchase price on the machine.	1	2
I booked the hotel through Hotwire, so the price was right at around $59\/ night.	1	2
Btw the shuttle service is not free so save yourself some time and take a taxi from the airport + or - $17.	2	2
There's a shuttle service that was taking fans to the games and also stopped at Tower City.	2	2
No more shuttle service offered from the RV park.	2	2
I guess they share the service with a local parking lot business too.	2	2
The restaurant area was under renovation all during my stay, so no room service was available, as advertised on the hotel's webpage.	2	2
I was already on the phone calling a new hotel because of the lack of customer service from the lady before Chris.	2	2
I was there for three days and did not have room service come in during that time, but the smell did not diminish.	2	2
Not sure about room service	2	2
Upon calling the Enterprise's customer service, they would exchange the Ford Flex with a Dodge Caravan as we desired rather than wait on Enterprise's abysmal roadside service program to replace the front right tire.	2	2
Room service came around 8 in the morning, I asked her to come back later since I was getting ready to head out but they never came back.	2	2
Stayed for 4 nights and received room service once.	2	2
Btw, 10% service fee is added to the room charges so guests does expect a certain level of service.	2	2
 If you find yourself lost, just jump on the YYC Link shuttle service and get off at the end\/beginning of the track.	2	2
 The hotel bar\/breakfast service area tends to be on the small side for HCI's.	2	2
 It can very difficult for newbies to seek customer service or inquiry when there is no one around to ask.	2	2
 Of course, the convenient store lacks basic customer service and did not inform people of it.	2	2
There's a 'members' lounge' (you qualify if you are a Starwoods Preferred Guest member) on the 8th floor that serves up continental breakfast in the morning and hors d'oeuvres in the evening - free for 'members' and still cheaper than the room service menu even if you're not a registered 'member' ($12 for breakfast, $9 for hors d'oeuvres).	2	2
My 60K service bill was $1193.00.	2	2
I think that Alejandro needs to seek employment elsewhere...when a customer is right they are right, when the service was not what was promised there is a problem that needs to be corrected.	2	2
The entrance is located in a car dealership beside the service shop, you might miss it as its a small entrance with a small DISCOUNT sign.	2	2
I sent me and my boyfriend's passports in for the visa service they provide and they LOST OUR PASSPORTS! Glad I bought insurance but now I'm fighting to get a refund from them for the visa service they didn't deliver.	2	2
I received the refund for the Visa service and they mailed the opened package so I completed my claim with the post office for my insurance claim.	2	2
If you do want to skip a day and hang out on your own be mindful that they will make you sign paperwork and at their discretion, they can \"cancel the remainder of your trip or potentially NOT provide shuttle service back to the airport.\" At least that's what they told several members of our group that wanted to do their own thing.	2	2
Skip the Starbucks offered at the quick service area by the elevators.	2	2
If you don't like other people driving your car to and from the airport, this service is not for you.	2	2
- Free in-room internet service	2	2
 This car service was already at the hotel when I wanted to go to the mall, so I used it.	2	2
Parking is okay and Caseys room service is available.	2	2
3 of 4 exercise cardio machines were not in service	2	2
I called ANLV this morning trying to get a tip to the driver, they customer service person was totally unhelpful more or less an attitude of \"too bad so sad\".	2	2
Room was great ..woman who checked me in was rude have me a hard time about my 2 service animals wanted proof of their Ada certification then didn't then lied about their pet policy .	2	2
When 63 fails - it fails miserably: no buses for 30 minutes (on a frequent service line), buses bunching up 3+ at a time (resulting in large gaps in service), buses too full to get on, etc.	2	2
 This equates to about 4 subway stations and back but provides service through the area known as \"Junction\".	2	2
Easy access from the airport (about 15 ins drive) and have a free shuttle service until 11 pm.	2	2
I was working with the customer service staff for checking-in my travel trailer for some repairs and a recall notice from Keystone.	2	2
Another service tech talked to me about my issues and offered many logical reasons and took time to explain the reason behind the failure so I would not repeat the same mistake.	2	2
She went to talk to Darlene the food service hostess.	2	2
Sadly they have drastically cut service from United States from some surprising airports including my nearest airport, Pittsburgh.	2	2
The hotel itself is a 4\/5, but the service is really a 2\/5 at most.	2	2
Now for the customer service side of the rental experience.	2	2
To her credit, a customer service agent did eventually appear and do a hurried check out for the van, but for a moment she seemed prepared to leave us out in the cold.	2	2
I had booked our rental ahead of time but still ended up standing at the counter waiting for service behind a very disorganized family for more than 20 minutes before another employee finally came out to help me.	2	2
Evey time I go in for a recall they usually get a service out of me.	2	2
I've rented from 3 or 4 of the different companies there, and the service is all the same.	2	2
 So, A+ on current service and we will see if the reservations work out.	2	2
 Surprisingly, the dinner service and dinner menu options were better and better prepared.	2	2
The person giving you the receipt will tell you that he cannot do anything and you need to talk to customer service at the counter who will inturn tell you to call billing customer support.	2	2
I'm giving this hotel three stars for their customer service and price.	2	2
 I could have paid the same for black car service from another company.	2	2
Arrival didn't start well as the front driveway was blocked with service staff and their vehicles.	2	2
Two stars for no daily maid service (I don't like coming home to a non-made-up bed but did today) and too-soft-for-me pillows.	2	2
Pretty large service plaza with several fast food restaurants (KFC, Pizza Hut Express, Panera Bread, Burger King, Starbucks), a tourism information booth, an Ohio souvenir\/gift and shop with snacks and drinks, various video game machines , a lotto machine, and a gas station.	2	2
 Reminds me of the NJ Turnpike rest areas but this place is cleaner, pretty clean (helps that it is a lot less crowded than the service areas back in high population density Jersey, which I recently moved to Ohio from..	2	2
Pretty standard service plaza.	2	2
 They have no room service for food (although they do serve a continental breakfast if you wake up early enough), and the rooms are pretty okay, I guess.	2	2
This location is good if you live downtown or need flexible weekend service hours.	2	2
A tip is for a helpful service and above and beyond service and attitude, not to do something we can simply do (and would rather do) ourselves.	2	2
This only thing is there is only service rep to purchase tokens and day pass from.	2	2
I used their service with my family few weeks ago.	2	2
Although there are plenty of stairs to get up to ground level, the escalators are often out of service which really slows things down.	2	2
The service was hit or miss	2	2
In a frequent traveler's life, the only thing worse than standing in line at the car rental counter is standing in line at the airline customer service counter.	2	2
 Fortunately, we don't have to stand at the airline customer service counter every time we travel (ORD winter travelers excepted, of course ;) ).	2	2
This was the oddest wifi service I've ever used in a hotel.	2	2
I think the service and ridership in Canada is different form that in the U.S.	2	2
 Then there was no adjustment on the bill for such a gross service disruption.	2	2
Where they lost us was with the little things, the amuse Bouche was tasteless, the desert was a disaster & the service was uneven.	2	2
 We were directed to the closest service station and filled up.	2	2
I like that it's named after someone who helped define Toronto through his years of service on city council.	2	2
Ordered this service to pick up my out-of -town relatives from YYZ and deliver them to my front door in downtown Toronto mainly due to their ability to speak Mandarin, Cantonese and English- I thought it'd be easier for the fam jam to communicate.	2	2
 I booked this service based on Yelp feedback.	2	2
Service is 24\/7 also (room service included).	2	2
There's also a consistent theme with the staff of doing the bare minimum that they have to do to provide service to the customer.	2	2
 I was surprised that the rental car place wasn't attached to the airport, but there is a free shuttle service to and from the airport.	2	2
I didn't love the accommodations in the room but the service was exceptional.	2	2
I guess in Canada or just this store, customer service is secondary to making a sale.	2	2
 Customer service was basic and slow but not horrible.	2	2
the parking lot is big, bus load off and on is good and the ticket service is average.	2	2
The Cambria has this excellent shuttle service which hovers around a radius of 5 miles Picking & droppingg off guests _ morning 7 -11 am & evening 5-10 pm.	2	2
Bathroom breaks are a must and the women's side in particular is large and has an abundance of stalls to service the mass female population.	2	2
 Coffee pit stops are also a necessity when road tripping it, and Starbucks appears to be a staple in all the service plaza's.	2	2
saturday we left the privacy sign up when we went out, so understandably they left a note indicating we received no service due to our sign.	2	2
The service was mediocre at best, the buses were freezing cold, customer sevice was non-existence, electrical outlets did not work on the right side of the bus and to top it off the bus was late, which caused other problems with passengers transferring to other buses.	2	2
I scheduled service and was told I would receive a confirmation email within 24 hours requesting specific information and addresses.	2	2
He asked if I would let his company show him the good service they usually offer and I agreed.	2	2
First, the breakfast is a cold service with baked items purchased from Costco, so it doesn't provide a fresh, warm welcoming B&B feel as I've experienced in so many other places across Canada and around the world.	2	2
I know that that is not a direct reflection on this service but they do acquire the vouchers.	2	2
In the future the 34 and 32 will be reworked\/eliminated since the Eglinton LRT from Mt Denis to Laird will now service Eglinton making these current bus routes obsolete.	2	2
There is a room service robot but I never used it.	2	2
 The place is a bit run-down, but it offered a quick no-hassle service and even a key drop-off so that I can drop the car off when the rental place is closed.	2	2
You need to write your own return ticket to the contract and bring back to the customer service counter.	2	2
Update 5\/5\/15 - A Dollar customer service rep contacted me about my review.	2	2
The service level is up and down.	2	2
No service to the room.	2	2
Now you have to understand that it's a self service hotel.	2	2
  Menu items are a bit all over the place, so that may be the driver of the wide variance in food quality.	0	2
The food was nothing special-- but not bad.	0	2
Trying to get a beer is an Olympic event and the food will come out right around the time you've put on your coat and decided you've had enough.	0	2
Understandable no outside food is allowed in the room! There's a wide selection of beers and their comped drinks are just as strong as the charged drinks! Top notch bar foods were delivered to my seat from Five50, personally I love their pizzas, GARLIC BREAD, and wings!	0	2
You will probably end up leaving smelling like fried food as it's all right behind the bar	0	2
 It's unpleasant trying to enjoy food when you see hairy arses peeking out from loose jeans.	0	2
Menus and food came quickly.	0	2
 I did not try any of the food and only stayed about an hour but nothing really made it seem worth going back to again.	0	2
 The food is only average.	0	2
 The food special they had ran out by 5:30pm!  Right in the middle of dinner hour.	0	2
I've only been here for food on the terrasse so I can't judge the inside.	0	2
This is not the place I'd order food from, they are really not even equipped for that.	0	2
They stopped serving many food products.	0	2
Rabbit food category covers salads.	0	2
The bartender has to sling drinks and food to the entire place so service is extremely slooooowww.........	0	2
There was no food left so I decided to try some cocktails.	0	2
We then waited over 40 minutes for the food to be placed and multiple things were forgotten.	0	2
 Did not try their food at this point, but their kitchen was closed anyways.	0	2
The food took a long time to come.	0	2
The reason for the 3 stars is because of the food quality.	0	2
Our only complaint was that it took a while for our food to come.	0	2
I didn't get a chance to try the food so I can't comment there.	0	2
This is strictly a pub with no food or machine snacks but the music is great, absolutely great.	0	2
Sadly, when I wanted to order food the menu was unavailable.	0	2
Our server was right at our table when we arrived, got our drinks to us promptly, took our food order in a timely fashion, and got refills at just the right time.	0	2
I haven't tried the food personally, but the pool tables are nice and fun.	0	2
 We didn't order food but we bellied up to the bar and asked for two (2) long islands.	0	2
The food and beverage department used to run the Gold Lounge but mismanaged it.	0	2
 Just the feeling I got...maybe it was sticking to the table before the food even came - who knows! 	0	2
  We notice another table seem a little bit upset that they had been waiting for their food for a long time.	0	2
 They serve food during the day but I always show up when they're done serving food.	0	2
I should point out they do not serve any food inside, but they will allow you to bring food in.	0	2
 They serve pasta, French Canadian food and American fare all on the same menu.	0	2
In our clicking-so-well haste, we opted to drive until we found a dive bar, and go in for food and drinks.	0	2
All food is $5.99.	0	2
Knowing my dad's tastes, I figured we could get some decent bar food here.	0	2
The food came out in a reasonable amount of time.	0	2
The food at Spectators is typical of a sports bar.	0	2
I liked that they had a small food menu which made it easy to choose from.	0	2
While they don't quite stand out amongst other chains, they are consistent and have some unique food offerings...	0	2
Went looking for Thai food and found this place instead...LOL	0	2
Went to the new Pts pub today for lunch , good service , good food and very clean place.	0	2
I'm giving 3 stars just because we didn't tried their food menu.	0	2
The food is average.	0	2
The waitress came around and took my order and the food was out within a couple of minutes.	0	2
The bar is still open but they stopped serving food in August.	0	2
 But most of the time they don't mind if you have food delivered.	0	2
And they should have food available....venders or food trucks or something.	0	2
Most food booths are cash only and they don't serve drinks.	0	2
The food prep execution lacked and was very slow to leave the kitchen.	0	2
The food is the same and the beer is the same.	0	2
It is what it is- a fast food restaurant.	0	2
The only place serving food and drinks after 11pm on a Sunday night.	0	2
 The same vendors and festival food are there as there is at something like Matthews Alive or even Speed Street.	0	2
Didn't get our food for 50mins.	0	2
 I know the food service has changed here, therefore so has the menu.	0	2
The owner's a nice guy who interacts with his patrons and the food is good for pub fare.	0	2
don't get food there.	0	2
 Sometimes, there were staff from the kitchen that had to bring out food because there were just no waitresses to be found.	0	2
 The food that I have tried is pretty typical bar food.	0	2
I happened to stumble upon Arbar on Yelp when I was searching for food options in the area.	0	2
It looks like recently the owner or at least name changed slightly but the food on the menu seems to be the same.	0	2
 We waited for our food for over 30 minutes and then they messed up our order.	0	2
I have not tried their food yet, but will most certainly do it the next time I go there!	0	2
The variety of food is off the charts, a lot of options, however I'd like to point out the lack of vegan options.	0	2
We have been for breakfast, lunch and dinner and the food is mediocre.	0	2
We had to wait super long for our food to come out..	0	2
My advice is to have your drink and food order ready at the same time.	0	2
I assume it's there seasonal hour, so we decided to get some food as well.	0	2
 Lack of an established kitchen means no standing menu, but I hear they are working on getting food delivered or in-house.	0	2
Haven't tries the food yet but i'll review it when I do.	0	2
They have a food menu of mostly pub food.	0	2
- The food menu also only had a handful of things on it...	0	2
No food service so eat before you go.	0	2
The food is nothing out of the ordinary, typical bar fare like pizza, wings, burgers, etc.	0	2
 Also it was one of the only places in the area serving food after 11 on a Wednesday.	0	2
Good if you want to catch a game and grab some simple food and drinks while you watch it.	0	2
So would check out again and try the food	0	2
I didn't try any food and didn't see anyone else eating a meal so can't comment on the food.	0	2
They advertise food until 2am which is probably the best thing about The Graduate.	0	2
No food here so I gave it 3.	0	2
I did not order any food while I was there, but their menu includes mainly pub food and a variety of appetizer options.	0	2
 Lots of smoked food options.	0	2
The food is perfect pub fare.	0	2
Food is bar food so take what you get.	0	2
I still go once a week there, so will try more food next time.	0	2
Plus they have a good food truck stop in the back...	0	2
The food came out fast even though they were very busy and the wings were ok.	0	2
 And to even have a bar with food specials on Saturday must prove the stereotype that Canadians are just nicer.	0	2
Sadly to say we tried to only come for the food after reading a BlogTO post on the opening of the fried chicken popup Five Points that is inside Open House.	0	2
The food to me was average.	0	2
The burgers were large for the price but cheese was extra.	1	2
There were drink specials on (a pint for the price of a glass if I'm not mistaken).	1	2
We looked around at what everyone else was ordering to see if we wanted to eat dinner there, it looked like the portions were pretty small for the price they were charging.	1	2
For the price I feel the variety of songs for the karaoke left a lot to be desired.	1	2
 I said I would pay a difference to which she says yes, but really all this meant as I found out later, you can add any side to your meal at the price listed in the menu, and your sandwich will still come with chips.	1	2
review_id : t8hrPoqQXPTpx2rfTqBWKQ	1	2
Full price salad served in two parts.	1	2
 The dinner package price include 10 types  of Mezzeh's which are small appetizers, and then the main entree was a combo of kabobs chicken and beef.	1	2
I'm really not a huge fan of Madison's, but it's always packed out & you get 2 bars for the price of 1.	1	2
I asked for help and was told to order off one of the kiosks and if I wasn't pleased with the price of the item, then just take it off my order.	1	2
Except one tried to change the price of a skyy cocktail for me - charging me 11 bucks instead of 9.	1	2
At the market price of $16 this was really worth it (and kinda of wished I ordered).	1	2
I had a lot of time to kill so I figured by the time I buy dinner, and a drink at one of the airport restaurants the price would be similar.	1	2
The average price of the appetizers is four bucks.	1	2
They don't have a drink menu which is a downside as we ordered two cokes but weren't sure of the price until we received our bill.	1	2
4.75 for a bottle of Leinenkugel [an expected price for a downtown sports bar]; had a decent selection of bottled beer, probably 15-20 total, including a few microbrews.	1	2
 The shot was apparently a special price if you ordered a beer.	1	2
 For the price you have to pay to dine there...I expect someone to seriously be KISSING MY ASS and providing impeccable service.	1	2
That being said, the entertainment was great and that's probably baked into the price since there's no cover.	1	2
We waited about 20 minutes for a table, fair enough we had a large party and wednesdays are half price wings.	1	2
Well aside from the bartenders who price different from one side of the bar to the other.	1	2
The price of the drinks was typical for most clubs.	1	2
It gets packed on Tuesday nights because of the half price wings.Come early if you want seats.They also have a small patio.	1	2
And if you want to order 2 pounds and want 2 different flavours, they will  charge you the rate of 1 pound twice, instead of giving you the 2 pound price with a sauce fee.	1	2
 Then again the price was there.	1	2
 There was a decent amount of food in half an order for the price of $22.	1	2
They're full price for tiny cups that you would usually use for water.	1	2
 The only way to check the price of the beer is to put your card in the device.	1	2
 So I was trying a bunch just to see the differences in the price per ounce.	1	2
 Wednesday is or was half price wings.	1	2
 After spending a good amount of time with me, I thanked her and left because I wanted to do some price shopping.	1	2
We decided to go to Crabby Joe's because of their 1\/2 price appetizers deal.	1	2
 They charged the wrong price for my beer, but they took it off completely when we mentioned the mistake.	1	2
The wine list has a nice selection, in price range as well as regions, and we were given excellent recommendations for the flight we each chose ($8-15 apiece; ours were $10).	1	2
Being in for brunch, it was a menu of higher-end looking brunch items (like a croque madame, which is what I ordered) and price points being around the $13-$15 mark.	1	2
The price was 65 dollars for five courses.	1	2
The big reason I come here is the 1\/2 price apps I am a huge fan of their apps.	1	2
And there's no set price for things.	1	2
We got another pitcher of Samuel Adams, which was the night's special, though the price seemed pretty friggin regular if you ask me - $15 pitchers and $5 shots is not a very \"special\" special!!! Oh, and the beer tower is presented with the glasses used for shots, not regular beer glasses, probably to make the tower seem bigger than it actually is.	1	2
 If you come here during the weekdays between 4pm and 9pm they have beer specials and half price snacks.	1	2
For that price I would take an Uber 2 miles down the road to the local steakhouse or to the myriad of other food options in the surrounding area the receptionist failed to mention.	1	2
We had to wave down the staff to get our bills which we noted were all wrongly entered (explains the wrong dish orders); luckily, it was a fixed menu price so we didn't have to redo the bills.	1	2
 There's a bit of a price premium and it's full of hotel clients.	1	2
now they upped the price to about $30.	1	2
 I know price can be an issue when you're in school, but for the most part, local pints are no more money than \"domestic\" ones.	1	2
 The drinks were average price for Vegas.	1	2
Can't say much for the price since I didn't pay, but it was surprisingly chill for a late saturday night.	1	2
Will give them credit, their half price appetizers after 9 p.m.	1	2
The cover price varies, but if you're interested, come early because the lines get loooong.	1	2
If price or a large selection is an option, wait to hit Tempe.	1	2
 It was much smaller than I had imagined for the price I paid.	1	2
 It was salty and the pesto was surprisingly spicy instead of zesty, but at half price on Saturdays, it was filling enough.	1	2
It was delicious, but I don't believe a bowl of rice with 6 corn kernels 4 beans and some guacamole should be the same price as it would be with a chicken breast.	1	2
The small plates are still the same advertised price online.	1	2
We arrived on a sunday evening with a bucky book coupon (two for the price of one entree).	1	2
Drink are average price wise.	1	2
She was great about laying out a variety of options at every price point.	1	2
I basically went and chose a restaurant and a nightclub and they faxed me over  several packages at different price points.	1	2
 The price for a glass of chianti was $10 which I found fair.	1	2
 That's about the same price you'd be paying at Broken City or the Drum & Monkey for some shows.	1	2
I couldnt verify the price of my meal since they said they couldnt print me a receipt.	1	2
The price for the games ranges from 1 token for pinball and \"old school\" games such as Pac-Man, to 4 or more tokens for games of skill, etc.	1	2
We each ordered a 20oz of beer at $9 each (not premium or import as you would imagine at that price but Rolling Rock and Keith's).	1	2
Also a side sauce of ranch or blue cheese is an extra price of .75cents as well as carrot and celery sticks.	1	2
I didnt buy any drinks here, so i can not comment on price or quality.	1	2
In fact it's a tiny bar\/lounge, that serves few dozens of martinis in three price categories (super cheap, cheap, moderate)and not much else.	1	2
Friday - 1\/2 price bottles of wine & $8 pasta	1	2
That is the price you pay for living it up resort style, I suppose.	1	2
 Cheeseburger price remains.	1	2
 The menu is price fixe.	1	2
The food as a great price to quality ratio.	1	2
One of the servers had told us we could show her the groupon after we finished playing and would price adjust it for us.	1	2
 We got to go right in without a cover because the cab driver had a hook-up, and also because we bought 3 bottles of vodka (for the price of 2).	1	2
Do some price comparisons or you won't be around long.	1	2
Somehow we got bottle service for 1\/2 price knowing one of the promoters, always nice.	1	2
 Reg price was like $190, but we pd $100 ...	1	2
The price is 6,99 + tax for everything on the menu (to eat).	1	2
We were here on a Sunday, which means 1\/2 price pizzas eaten in house.	1	2
With a $15 price tag, its not something I'd be eating every day.	1	2
The public can gain access with a yearly pass sometimes on sale for $50 but the regular price is $75.	1	2
Sixth, there are 3 bars right next door for the same price (cover).	1	2
The Happy Hour price included a free drink.	1	2
 They gave me 2 different price options.	1	2
Can't say anything about the price of drinks because I don't drink alone at concerts.	1	2
Wing nights: Monday\/Wednesday (all night), Every other day it's half price 4-7pm, and Sundays it's all you can eat.	1	2
On Monday nights they have half price pizza and gyro's and $2 22oz domestics.	1	2
 The price includes an access code for an available app, which provides offers nationwide, including many independent retailers.	1	2
This resulted in a bill that was $200.00 over the price of the additional bottle.	1	2
Completely seamless trip, with Jason backing us and giving us price options and recommendations every step of the way.	1	2
Along with the ticket price of $21.95, you recieve one complimentary drink ticket..	1	2
The price for drinks varied from 6 to 14$.	1	2
 Long dinner, short, neither the meal nor the service disappointed.	2	2
Wasn't here on a regular night, so I can't say how the service is normally.	2	2
 Also because we entered in through the Banker Hall mall entrance, we didn't get service until we hunted someone down.	2	2
Upon arriving we had to wait in line as the regular bottle service guy was not there, he had an emergency and had to backout, so we waited about 15min for the replacement who was polite and professional with us	2	2
 The drinks were fine, just the service was meh.	2	2
Go to Taco Bell across the street you will get better service	2	2
 This weekend, June 2012, we did dinner at Diablos, bottle service at Gold Lounge, then free entrance and drink tickets at Haze.	2	2
Had more fun using Light Group for a table at Gold Lounge on Friday night with Light Group than I did waiting in the 2 hour line for our table service at Marquee the next night.	2	2
We had a party of 20 so service was, well we only had one server it wasn't the fastest, I've had slower plus we were the only ones in the restaurant.	2	2
Seriously this is a down to earth pub, clean, good service with plenty of room to relax with a friend, and cold beer on tap.	2	2
 Additionally, there was no beverage service on the slot machines.	2	2
 While we thought that this place might be decent when we first walked in, BOY WERE WE WRONG! No service for 18 minutes and there were LITERALLY 3 people at the bar.	2	2
 Sunday night is service industry night featuring the same deal without the karaoke.	2	2
 I work in the service industry I know what tipping means! I know everyone has their bad days but when you work in the service industry you should know how to treat your guess.	2	2
 Needless to say I was on my way out the door after that epitomizing display of customer service before she had a chance to say something else.	2	2
Parking:  The first thing that stands out in my mind is that we could find parking!  I did not see any Valet service offered which is good and bad.	2	2
  Bottle service was offer to those who can afford it on the right in big Red lounge chairs.	2	2
 Angelina's, the connecting restaurant, offers their menu and full service bar side.	2	2
 Cleats (Happy Moose) will survive without us, but this is no way to run a service based business.	2	2
  At the bar, service is pretty typical for a club-kind of slow.	2	2
  The place was great, but when there was confusion about our bottle service (we had pre-paid two bottles) Oren came right over personally himself, and sorted out the issue for us.	2	2
   Bottle service is very popular here, it seems you are not allowed to sit on the couches unless you buy bottle service.	2	2
Under the three star category I would list the service and the hours.	2	2
 I imagine this will work itself out, it's not really fair to judge service too harshly on a place that is open for its first weekend.	2	2
 If you are in the service industry your tips come from your attentiveness and happy demeanor.	2	2
 Hands down the worst bartending service I've had in my life anywhere.	2	2
 Customer service tells me yet again \"sorry there is nothing we can do\".	2	2
 On top of that, for a group of 14, they got us table service in a location smaller than a coffee table while smaller groups have twice the size of our space.	2	2
 Cheap bottle service on the indoor\/outdoor balcony made the night come alive.	2	2
 the service is fair & i would hate to see what their kitchens look like i don't like people touching my food with all these nasty diseases out there.	2	2
 Bottle service is $240 PER BOTTLE.	2	2
 I work in the service industry so I get it if it takes longer than normal to get a drink\/food at a place when it's busy.	2	2
 They have bottle service and allow food to be brought in.	2	2
 No seats at the bar and no service at our table.	2	2
 It is Cash Only service but they have an ATM.	2	2
 The owner is such a nice guy and the service is acceptable.	2	2
 Their service fluctuates a lot, which cost a star.	2	2
Why do service levels drop like a stone the minute the Stampede starts? Its is like someone rings a bell.	2	2
We recently heard that during day service leashed dogs are allowed on the patio, we will try that next, as we love to enjoy as an entire family.	2	2
 The bottle service girls looked miserable and unenthusiastic.	2	2
 If I knew Charli- sucked at service I would have stayed here for the entire night!	2	2
 and then another while later they come back and take our food order, I wish I read the reviews first before trying this place out cause the service was very slow.	2	2
 We had bottle service reserved, and the whole group was supposed to be comped if we arrived before 11, but due to circumstances beyond our control we arrived late, and in separate groups.	2	2
 Prices are fair with the service you get.	2	2
 We had a booth and bottle service which seemed to be the only highlight to the evening.	2	2
Their beer selection and service is hit and miss.	2	2
I work in the service industry, serving minimum 500 people per day.	2	2
 I mean, most of them were actively looking away from me, so I couldn't even flag one down unless I called out to them (which is ridiculous--why should I have to do that to get service in a restaurant).	2	2
 Also, the service was mediocre.	2	2
The service is as you would accept in any arabic restaurant slow.	2	2
  When I wanted breakfast and didn't feel like going outside the hotel and also didn't want to pay the higher room service fees, that's where H2 EAU came into the picture.	2	2
 A lot of stalls and sinks, but some were out of service they also have a few seats and a back drop with bar code written all over it so you can take all the pictures you want, lol	2	2
 On weeknights the service is a little slower as it is the bartender that also serves as a waiter, and the place is never empty enough to get constant attention.	2	2
Wow, service was none existent.	2	2
  Good vibes and hookah with service and respect customers deserve.	2	2
  service left quiet a bit to be desired.	2	2
1) Average service	2	2
 While we are figuring all this out the promoters and bouncers are trying to do 5 things at once,letting groups of people in before us and before all the other people who paid for bottle service and are waiting patiently behind us.	2	2
 Obviously I can't comment on the service from that.	2	2
I'm not trying to sound like a cheapskate, as I am in the service industry myself.	2	2
 Cocktail service available, don't know how much drinks were, didn't pay for mine.	2	2
 Made the reservation for the $750 bottle service for 12 people and was told to be there before 12:15AM.	2	2
I don't have too much to say about the service because it was decent on the day we were there.	2	2
While I totally understand the appeal of this place, as the view speaks for itself and the lavish ambience and exclusive entrance up the elevator seems like a pregame night in heaven, as I say and all of my reviews, I don't care how upscale the place looks - if I don't get good service it's just not worth it for me to stay there.	2	2
 Had a friend order bottle and guest service and even with a clipboard in front of their workers.	2	2
  So we sat there for a couple of drinks, hung out with friends, received average service sitting at the bar, and left.	2	2
-we booked two round trip party bus service for two days.	2	2
The service and cocktails is what I'll be back for!	2	2
 I refer all of my friends to check out the great food and service affiliated with it.	2	2
 They have one full bathroom, with an out of service shower and a toilet, and then at the front they have a few lockers and a men's and women's toilet.	2	2
Table service hit or miss.	2	2
Bar service was average, kept my glass full which made me happy.	2	2
 Drinks are what you expect to pay and if you really want to ball out, bottle service is encouraged.	2	2
 The service was average, but the band was great.	2	2
  I find the bar very reason price for the service I get here.	2	2
 The service caters to you personally.	2	2
Full service bar on your right when you walk in, massive line of pinball machines all down the left.	2	2
 I've worked bottle service before, getting into the industry can be hard WITHOUT experience.	2	2
 The service was decent but the stand up bar rail was sticky & dirty.	2	2
 The service was equally as impressive as the bar itself and our waiter, Liam, was attentive and frequently asked us if we needed anything.	2	2
 40 minutes for service after I already bought a beer?	2	2
 I originally was going to give 1\/5 for service with our original blonde-haired waitress.	2	2
 The term VIP is bantered around for pretty much every event and I am usually disappointed with the results (hidden restrictions, time limits or inability to get service being the most common all inclusive pitfalls).	2	2
 Our package included entry to two other bars that we only briefly visited because they did not even come near the service level of Southside.	2	2
Food and service were not special.	2	2
I work in the service industry so I know exactly what she was going through!! No the customer isn't always right but you NEVER handle a customer in that manner, I don't care how you feel!! 	2	2
 Was difficult to get service at either bar.	2	2
 When I go there, there is no service charge as long as you don't bring in a lot of foods and drinks (like a full course meal and set up a party in there) and trash the place after you leave.	2	2
 You can only sit at those tables if you have bottle service which is definitely expensive! There are two bars set up on both ends of the club.	2	2
 So my advice is to grab a drink from the bar yourself, OR, stop by another bar and then bring it in with you---you just can't rely on cocktail service in this bar.	2	2
Rating on bar\/drink service only.	2	2
 I'm sure it will improve as the server gains some service knowledge but it was so hard not to be turned off by it all.	2	2
my friends and I were picked up in a GORGEOUS hummer limo (l didn't know the limo was going to be so nice otherwise I think I would have scheduled a strip tour - oh well, next time) We were then  walked into Tao Nightclub where bottle service was set up for us.	2	2
 We had a smaller budget this time so no bottle service (boo hoo!) but I talked everyone into getting a host to walk us in.	2	2
 Can't complain about the service either.	2	2
 I only rated 3 stars because our service left a lot to be desired.	2	2
I wish that Yelp had different ways to rate service\/food\/atmosphere\/etc as I would rate their food higher and service lower.	2	2
 She also told me the Oxford Bar starts their own meal service at 3 pm and is open until 10 pm.	2	2
5 hours relatively flew by and we didn't feel like we were waiting for service or the next course.	2	2
  And the prior remarks about service and attitude are right on.	2	2
Anyway, at this price point you get what you pay for.	1	2
 The owner told us about a few in our price range and proceeded to give us lessons on the larger indoor range.	1	2
 For $14, it's practically the price of a bucket of balls in Toronto.	1	2
I would think for the price they charge, the portions would be 100% accurate.	1	2
For the price of about $100 per person, you get registered for clinics, a camping pass, a bag of free loot, and access into the 'party' fair grounds.	1	2
For the price I would say try another escape location.	1	2
Right now, they have racks of winter stock on sale with a sign \"up to 30% off\", but no markdowns on the actual price tags.	1	2
 I probably won't renew at the $600 annual price once my one year is up.	1	2
Check out what they have online for price comparison and then you can always pick up your order in store.	1	2
 Is it kinda broken down and shabby,  yes, but again for the price and location what do you expect.	1	2
 Few days later I was asked to stay after class and one of the trainers did sales pitch, showed me packages and prices, great, no problem at all, its expected they want me to sign up and pay full price after my promo expires.	1	2
I just they stay open until  the end of the year.However I would never purchase a golf bag from there they are price to High.	1	2
 Be aware that if there's a special occurring, that discounted price will not apply to the additional players.	1	2
 Other than that, it's a decent deal and price to pay for a gym, very basic, no sauna or hot tub, just a few showers and bathroom stalls.	1	2
The price was $31 for an hour and I believe you can rent smell shoes for around $3.	1	2
And the price was per person not per lane per game.	1	2
You pay full price as they have little control of their third party billing company who is relentless.	1	2
If I'm not mistaken, the price for a standard membership is now $600 a year.	1	2
The extra charge for the punching bag jump is nickel and dining IMO and really should be included with the price of climbing.	1	2
 Prob wouldn't pay full price though.	1	2
 It's a Gym not a high class family recreation center with a membership price to go with it.	1	2
It's clean and offer snack and beverages at your expense and today was 10$ for 2 kids adults are free so for that price this place is fine for a quick outing if but kids won't stay entertained for long.	1	2
Not a bad place for the price point, but generally, it's not for someone who wants to bodybuild or for someone who wants to seriously lift or get a serious work out in.	1	2
But for the price I don't complain, I just play.	1	2
On Saturday Evenings, they charge $65 for renting a lane for an hour, up to 6 players, NOT including the price of shoe rental.	1	2
 The YMCA offers plenty of swim classes, but relatively low number of options for land classes given the price of the memberships.	1	2
It's worth every penny, you can not put a price on your child's safety and well being!!!	1	2
Comfort and control need not come at the price of $3500 Italian bicycle.	1	2
We were a group of 5 and purchased two deals with the intent of paying full price for the 5th.	1	2
And the for the same price as every where els I will just go to rolling green in unitown it's a hell of a lot better and they have two courses to chose from.	1	2
$5 for a 1-hour swing analysis package, regular price $40.	1	2
I was looking for something to do with my girlfriend's family and I know they're all golf fans, so I order 5 packages, total price $25.	1	2
We also visited on a Saturday during open swim and we were the only ones there...my kids enjoyed having their own private pool and lifeguards :) The price is cheap!	1	2
The price should be the same for everyone.	1	2
The price is up to $65 a person now and is only offered Friday or Saturday evenings around the warmer months of the year.	1	2
There were a number of holes in which, if you overshot, you would hit your ball into the water - but that's why they have nets! It made it a little more fun, because we got to combine putt putt AND fishing into one outing! Two for the price of one!	1	2
I didn't price compare so I don't know if it's a lot, but I know she is very proud of her effort and so am I.	1	2
He told me everything that I needed to safely enjoy my bike and has a fair price to it! He did both front and back suspension, carb work, a rear tire, plus other miscellaneous odds and ends.	1	2
He was willing to offer me a price for the amount of time I was going to be in town.	1	2
We were standing near the counter and trying to decide to use the 2 hours for the price of one or the bogo discounts.	1	2
We kept our eyes on the lock and after a while decided we'd use the two hours for the price of one option.	1	2
That is, 4 for the price of 3.	1	2
Usually the price for a game is $3.50 and shoes are $2.	1	2
The price was supposed to be 90 dollars per lane X 5 lanes.	1	2
 And a definite must, if you have more than one child, the price per visit is per family, not per child.	1	2
 Join the beer club and when you get to fifty you get a personalized mug and 20oz of craft beer for the price of a pint.	1	2
I knew absolutely nothing about little reptiles and the like but they answered every question I had and pointed me towards an animal that was both in my price range and in the upkeep range for a child.	1	2
 The actual price seems to be $125 a month which is between $10 and $15 per class if I go 2-3 times per week.	1	2
   His bid came in at around the same price as the other pool company, but with many extra features and better equipment.	1	2
 Left another gym at the same price because it was to far to drive to.	1	2
Not only do you have a personal trainer without the personal trainer price tag - you get a heart monitor and on screen results which you can compare to your classmates and which helps you push yourself into the orange zone.	1	2
It's the best option to get your workout in without paying outrageous trainer price tags.	1	2
When we stepped in the facility, we were greeted with \"everyone have to take their shoes off and put them over there\" I'm like \"no hi or hello or how you doing?\" Like what if I didn't want to pay the price they're offering.	1	2
Once we discussed the price and payment options I knew he was our guy.	1	2
I quit another gym that was the same price for this one which is closer to my new job.	1	2
The price per person is $12 for all day which is not bad if you are just coming 2-3 times in the colder months.	1	2
I had a giant stump from two palm trees I still needed remove and they honored the price they had given me that was included with a whole backyard install.	1	2
The trampolining is included in the base price, and the base price is about $7\/kid, if I recall correctly.	1	2
The Group On price we got was amazing for up to 24 people but we only had 16.	1	2
It cost my wife literally 1\/3 of the price for a flight ticket to Japan, have a procedure done, and fly back here to Las Vegas.	1	2
They will price match even with deals found online.	1	2
The course was in decent shape for the price paid.	1	2
I really wish there was anything close to equivalent to Planet Workout in Toronto (24\/7 gym, fair membership price clearly advertised with a no contract option, big equipment selection, classes included)...	1	2
Running a tanning bed is expensive! How do they even make money?! You can also bring a guest every single time you work out and you get half price drinks so can get a big 700ml cold water for $1.	1	2
They emailed us later in the week about pictures and there are some fun pictures which we could download with the price of admission which is nice, I hate when they charge extra after they already charged a lot for the race.	1	2
It may be a coincidence, but every time I have gone golfing here the price has been $5 per golfer and $5 for a golf cart.	1	2
At $20\/person for 1 hour, the price is maybe a little steep.	1	2
The price also includes shoe rental.	1	2
Price for stringing is $15 + price of string.	1	2
 I went to the website to find out opening time and the price of admission....now three hours later I'm writing a review.	1	2
The price is the same as all community centre around but it seems that the management team is not in during the weekends so it is quite chaotic...I think they allowed alot of people to enter and didn't keep track of it.	1	2
They do price match (even online prices) and I am one who loves to support a local business.	1	2
For the price and service will not return	1	2
like maybe, their 4 person family deal and then a discounted price for additional family members.	1	2
Thursdays, I think there's a half price studio fee.	1	2
The price included a 13 hour tour.	1	2
The original price was 25.00 month.	1	2
price is $25 per person pkus tax.	1	2
I BYO shoes too, although I believe they are typically included in the price - there's also usually a special going on (3 games for $10-11, or AYCB for $12 or so).	1	2
I've been here a couple of times, tried using a coupon for $35 play including free first tank of air, they insisted I needed to pay $10 extra for my air, which was the same price as buying it outright.	1	2
And, of course, there was no ticket price discount given for the ticket considering the number of inoperable rides...	1	2
Like the free weights, a couple machines and the price should be $5 a month.	1	2
The price of a hotdog includes a side of chips but they will only provided 7-8 chips.	1	2
He explained that neither he nor his colleague at the front desk had membership price information.	1	2
PS if anyone can tell me the price of an annual membership, I would be in your debt.	1	2
Three attractions for the price of one, and lots to do outside as well.	1	2
The package price includes all your gear rentals for all of your dives.	1	2
The price for one child to play is $10 (doesn't include anything else), which is average I suppose.	1	2
 At about $5.50 for unlimited play,  the price can't be beat (although ages 3 and up are $9.)	1	2
Some tips: cash only and each boat rental requires its own cash deposit! Also, expect to want to spring for a kayak in the $45 price range.	1	2
As soon as he enter my house I knew right away without him telling me anything about price or size or him showing me a design.	1	2
Sweatzone has a few different price points depending on the service you want.	1	2
He then offered me a special, where all these items would be at a special package price of $250.	1	2
We thought there was no way that this place was too good to be true and definitely out of our price range.	1	2
But the off the street price for 18 with a cart was $42 during the week.	1	2
  When the company had me call the office to confirm the booking, they informed me that they wouldn't be able to modify the price as requested, since I didn't use the correct drop-down box.	1	2
 Why do I go to this course?  Its very close to home and when the price is right I will play it.	1	2
I came in on a Sunday and it was half price bowling for an hour and about $3 for shoes.	1	2
The price was 44 for 7.45 .	1	2
Has everything you need for real training without the price tag of crossfit gyms.	1	2
Hear me out people, they cancelled my first booking because they had to accommodate their long term clients who pay full price for the gym.	1	2
Receptionist: \"Sure I can schedule you, but if my long term clients who pay full price and want that same day we will have to remove you from the booking.\" 	1	2
 This is a recreational goof around dance studio for the price of a company team.	1	2
If the price was right, I would have signed up.	1	2
 For the same price I went to the location at 3985 S.	1	2
The service is not anything more than the regular gyms I have been in the past.	2	2
They allow you to suspend service for either 2 or 3 months during a year.	2	2
While they charge 5$ for this, it is nice to be able to postpone service during a couple of summer\/travel months.	2	2
I just don't condone service providers that take free rein in charging your credit card whenever they decide to for whatever amount they deem owing because they have your credit	2	2
Note: I was here for a holiday party so this is only a review for the service and food in the clubhouse.	2	2
park has a nice protected (from waves by breakers) sandy beach, abundant area for barbeques and picnics on the bluff overlooking the lake, full service restrooms, lots of benches and trees.	2	2
The Unionville Athletic Club shares its facilities with hotel guests at the Hilton so you may find the pool area a bit busy on the weekends with children, however this facility is managed fairly well in order to maintain a similar service standard that the hotel provides to its guests.	2	2
Hey man, is your service side for your custom builds still in business?  I sent you a few messages (2 last few weeks) about our pool light on the build you did for us going out and needing it replaced or what bulb to buy and haven't heard a response back at all from you or your guys....	2	2
 The facility itself is quite spacious, and includes some special amenities like an outdoor pool with poolside service from the Edgemont Grill, an adjacent infrared sauna, and tennis courts.	2	2
This option includes either towel service or fitness classes.	2	2
I opted for the towel service and was able to pay in 3 instalments.	2	2
The main difference between this location in Thornhill and the others are the quality of teachers, and exceptional customer service at the front desk.	2	2
Yup, you heard right, you've got to be a temp service for the race on top of the $2,500 you've already shucked out.	2	2
- nothing memorial, typical Chinese restaurant service	2	2
But the customer service here does not provide much extra value -- perhaps why every time I have come in the store has been empty? Sales associates were slightly more personable on subsequent visits, but generally seem disinterested and are busy chatting amongst themselves.	2	2
It's a mixed bag here, sometimes the service is exceptional and sometimes not so good.	2	2
 When you're working in a public service field,  all non-work related issues shall be left at the door.	2	2
My experience here as I go occasionally and play soccer, I haven't dealt with any customer service or admin, which seems to be the main issue here.	2	2
Now being in the customer service industry both my husband and myself I would of done things a little differently as far as the party went, but my son and his friends couldn't of had a better time and that's what matters!!! However I doubt any of the parents would bring their kids back after the way they were treated.	2	2
the service is mediocre, but i believe it has improved from the previous comments, the waitress there are not as inattentive, but they are not too passionate about the job either	2	2
 We could not confirm if we did or not, but we could confirm that we spent an hour fixing the ignition barrel, which was loose, dropped into the wire compartment, needed a Phillips to get into the compartment but there were no tools on the boat, went in through the cup holder to find three wires were disconnected but not wanting to short out anything, waited for a Good Samaritan and experienced boater who passed by to give advice on connecting the wires correctly (No phone service to call Guy in the cove we were in).	2	2
 Went in again, dealt with a different staff member and he also had a similar customer service approach.	2	2
3) have self service drinks for ppl in the cabana area.	2	2
 I kept expecting people to come up to me to ask me for some kind of service (like valet or something).	2	2
The service was tip top and the plus is there were midgets running rampant throughout the place.	2	2
If it weren't for the exemplary service and smoking permissibility, Ref's would be another garden variety watering hole.	2	2
The customer service is average the people working the pro shop are nice and cool once you get to know them.	2	2
If there's not that many customers, you theoretically can have a customer service person with you the whole time to spend however much time you need to answer questions.	2	2
As far as service and amenities it is average.	2	2
Also, I cannot get cell phone service in here which is a bit of a pain.	2	2
And on top of that, they deliver the service they set out on doing.	2	2
 The service is hit and miss, depending on who is helping you.	2	2
This review is for one particular service they offer at Latta's Equestrian Center their sunset horseback ride and bonfire dinner.	2	2
they reported to the companies that bill us for service that all of our memberships have been transferred over to Onyx gym.	2	2
Tried to get a later time at the reduced rate and he said the tee sheet was full despite the outside service guys saying there were open times.	2	2
I used the online contact form and was told to contact the service dept.	2	2
I replied that they could simply have passed my request to the service dept instead of asking me to do it.	2	2
Now I have to pay for the month of July for it? Just because he is not available, and no one else is handling customer service or billing except for him.	2	2
We've had McCool Pools as our pool service provider since we moved to Cave Creek.	2	2
Just a few yards west of the Wells Trailhead is a dirt service road offering access to a dirt trail running parallel to the paved path.	2	2
Considering that yoga is purely a service dominated industry,  I think that things can be done to make the experience more pleasant.	2	2
A rep got back to me recently and assured me their ethics as well as their core value is not carried out by the actions of the service and actions I received.	2	2
That being said this company came in middle of the road with their pricing however they shot the moon with both their customer service and the quality of lift.	2	2
If you need service or are looking to buy a new or used boat I would highly recommend these guys.	2	2
The owner said \"there won't be any cell service so you won't be able to get a hold of us,\" which was upsetting, but I had already figured.	2	2
They had the service call scheduled in minutes and were out to repair in 3 days.	2	2
The service person fixed the two broken sweeper heads and found two more that I didn't notice.	2	2
This place gets what customer service is all about.	2	2
It's hard to find good customer service anymore, but Tribal Waters is at the top of the game.	2	2
 That's the kind of out-of-the-ordinary service I wouldn't have expected but received anyway.	2	2
A full service cafe is on site.	2	2
Also, adjacent to the park is The Boiler Room, a sport specific gear, lifestyle and service shop.	2	2
We have been using CleanWorld Pools for a year now to service & maintain our pool on a weekly basis.	2	2
You can also choose the shuttle service if you don't want to deal with driving.	2	2
 Since then I have not been approached in any way or pressured to purchase any further service from them.	2	2
 As a person who has been in the customer service industry for 30 years, this is not how how you promote your business, however it is a great way to set your company up for failure.	2	2
The service is mediocre.	2	2
We have been using Ryan's maintenance service for almost 2 years now.	2	2
Customer service is non-existent here.	2	2
 They charged me a service fee only and the pool system was working again.	2	2
They take care of any out of service machines pretty quickly, too.	2	2
Great teachers but the lady in the front doesn't have a friendly attitude! They need better customer service if they expect people to stick around.	2	2
 It's a pleasant ride with some elevation gain and as Dan points out, it would be a service road if the Summerlin Parkway had one.	2	2
It's not some big corporation with a customer service department or any department, for that matter.	2	2
We were expecting limousine service from our hotel to the airport.	2	2
 They charged a late fee of $7,50 and a service charge of $15.00 and added the \"late\" payment.	2	2
 There is no beverage cart service either, so it is wise to load up prior to going out or at the turn.	2	2
If Summerlin Parkway had a service road this would be it.	2	2
It's been two weeks since I called for service on a pond that needed help.	2	2
After a week I called again  to see why no service yet, I was told to expect a call soon.	2	2
Full service gym in rock hill sc.	2	2
the service provided by this tour company.	2	2
 Assumed it was out of service when I put my money down.	2	2
A much needed service in these difficult economic times.	2	2
I go in to pick it up and he charges me $12 I was sooooo exasperated with the shitty ass service by then that I just took my bike and left.	2	2
From the entrance you will see the service desk to your left and a coat rack with a shoe rack to your right followed by the hall into the rooms.	2	2
The service rep took a lot of time looking for my part in the store and online.	2	2
The home protection company wants to charge me another service fee for this company to come back out.	2	2
We decided to nix our pool service and take care of it ourselves.	2	2
 The other one was out of service for more than two months.	2	2
I understand this is a low budget Theater and price it so everyone can enjoy it but I think people wouldn't mind 'DONATING' an extra 5 bucks for a year so they could build a nicer restroom facility.	1	2
Our disappointment was the amount of candy the kids get for the price you pay for admission.	1	2
The price was a fraction of Progressive.	1	2
We were charged full price for the WiiU ($8 for an additonal half hour for 2 controllers) when it's supposed to be half price on Tuesdays according to the promo on their website.	1	2
why don't you just be a bit more upfront and show the price AND fees a little earlier ...	1	2
Luckily, I scored them for $25 (during an early bird special), which was 1\/2 off of the normal $50 price tag.	1	2
The price to get in without a discount is $25.	1	2
$12 admission price is on par with Cineplex.	1	2
The deal was advertised at 35% off and included tax and fees in the price they quote.	1	2
 So i paid full price and will save the tickets for next time l Anyway , my brother and sister decided that we can skip on the popcorn and go to the kiosks to buy tickets .	1	2
I would avoid the first restaurant when you walk in with the over price chicken kabob for 10 dollars a plate and pretty much 10 dollars for everyone entree on the menu.	1	2
 The $2+ price is reasonable but no steal.	1	2
 It's a matter of price and what catches your eye.	1	2
After two weeks the price went up by $20, yup the cost for tickets are $100 each.	1	2
If your paying full price to watch these rookies then that is your first mistake.	1	2
$80 instead of list price of $150, AAA had tickets at 30% off list but BETTER seats.	1	2
 This would really help customers make informed decisions on what price level to buy.	1	2
The price for an adult admission is around the same as cine-plex.	1	2
I bought the tickets with a 50% off discount so it made the entrance price $13 after taxes.	1	2
The first X amount of tickets are priced at the lowest point (typically around $40) but as more tickets are sold, the price slowly goes up to a max that can be twice the start price.	1	2
The worker did not explain much, just the difference in member price and reg price.	1	2
Is it like going to the Metro in Chicago?  Not at all , but it's also about half the price of a night out in the city.	1	2
I got $5 tickets (normal price was $20) from showup.com.	1	2
If the entrees were that great, the pub grub would be great too...and there wouldn't be a price discrepancy and the \"pub grub\" wouldn't seem so grubby.	1	2
Overall, ok for the price and 18 hole indoor glow in the dark activity ..has some arcades games plus some junk snacks like slush drinks and candies	1	2
You have to charge regular price to rent the movies to show them.	1	2
 Most games are in the $1.50-$2.50 price range, I found one game for $0.50.	1	2
 There are a few booths doing samples, but many are selling full price entrees or other vegan goods like clothing, chocolate, baked goods, etc.	1	2
At the very least, she could have offered for us to reschedule for a discounted price or something for wasting my time.	1	2
We order some chicken fingers and something called an Obama burger, and they give us the $1.99 price for the fingers even though we aren't members.	1	2
No where in the on line advertisement for her show in the Venetian web site did it mention that there was an additional price for the photo with Rita.	1	2
The price is like all other Rainbow cinema's.	1	2
 The price is $8 per adult.	1	2
The regular price is $40 for 2 people.	1	2
we were all quoted a price in the beginning and promises were made.	1	2
 The only positive about the course is the $1 price tag on the Labatt Blues.	1	2
There was a $2 entrance fee and ribs were average price you'd find at most places, $9 for a 1\/3 rack, $13 for a 1\/2 rack and $22 for a full rack.	1	2
They had the bike fixed and running again in less than 4 days and the price was half what they originally quoted me.	1	2
All the paint and supplies our included in the price and they have a binder full of designs and instructions on how to complete them.	1	2
I'm someone who goes to a movie once a month or so and with $6 tickets being the highest price ($4 on Tuesday) this is my go to theater.	1	2
Yup, that's it! The $5 movie price is continued for seniors and children even after six.	1	2
There is a wide range of pottery available in every price range.	1	2
Portal Charlotte is really cool in theory but for about $20 a person online price with fees I expected more then about 10 rooms, one story.	1	2
Purchase price was $76 per ticket plus a $70 service fee.	1	2
Got the tickets emailed to me and the ticket price listed was $53.	1	2
They sell items for half price when it's not happy hour and then just ring it in later.	1	2
  I paid a comparable price for my seats as the actual band charges.	1	2
 Ticket price for 2 was $130.	1	2
The first trip was on rib night we asked the server how large the portions were because the price was $1.50.	1	2
 We paid $13 each - same price as going to the Cineplex Queensway.	1	2
 For about the price of a movie, you can see a sketch comedy show that might just make you pee your pants.	1	2
Update 3\/26\/08--I just found out from my daughter that the admission price is now only $1.00!!	1	2
And as for the price of the show, that is up to the show producers not the Riviera.	1	2
While the staff is courteous and seems to care about where they work, the doesn't make up for the fact that you're paying the same price for a movie here as you would for a film at one of the big, comfortable, quality theatres.	1	2
 This was all with a two week turnaround and for 1\/3 of the price of Michael's.	1	2
The price for strawberries is just $1.80 a pound.	1	2
Now, tickets are the same price at the gate.	1	2
I didn't realize that price only includes admission.	1	2
this is the home of numerous local artists, and it offers pieces you can take home at various price points.	1	2
Now, tickets are the same price at the gate.	1	2
 Initial prices indicate a reasonable price for film to dvd transfers, but quote comes back with many additional charges that jack up the price considerably.	1	2
Ordering 2 tickets, that's another $40 - the price of another ticket to a different event.	1	2
I went here using half price tickets, but because apparently everyone charges a 'service' charge it was probably more like 35% off.	1	2
On Friday and Saturday the price is $7.50 after 6pm.	1	2
 She went to her book and helped me look up and price each one.	1	2
The price per person is $25.	1	2
The price for tickets is more then reasonable with regular tickets being $12.00, student price at $10.00, children $6.00 and package deals for those movie lovers who can't stay away.	1	2
Twice I've been there and the price they have advertised is different from what they charge.	1	2
the ticket price is $4.50, $6.50 on weekends.	1	2
It seems a little weird to me that they have a big fancy carousel, and the price of admission includes two tokens for rides.	1	2
The price per hour is $25 CAD which isn't terrible considering it's a fun experience.	1	2
Lots of things here for any price range.	1	2
The only good thing about Cinema Guzzo is that the average price to see a movie is 8$.	1	2
The price was 16$ for regulars and 13$ for students.	1	2
On the contrary to what I expected, their price points varied, which was nice and surprising.	1	2
 The price is right at $5 per show.	1	2
 The Auto show runs from January 18 - 27 in ticket price is $16 for an adult, but there are discounts for Students, CAA members, Seniors, so watch out.	1	2
Make sure to know exactly what day (today or tomorrow) and what time and price tier you want before you get to the counter.	1	2
Paid about 1\/2 price and the staff was very friendly.	1	2
Original price quoted was $112 each, but the rep found a \"special\" for $86 each when we started to walk away.	1	2
Great art selection and a diverse price selection makes this one of the best and most accessible galleries I've ever seen.	1	2
Couldnt have ask for a more reasonable price as well.	1	2
You can even rent their costumes at an affordable price =)	1	2
Pretty good selection of games and he has rental shelves where you can try a game out and if you decide to buy a new one he'll deduct the price of the rental off the purchase.	1	2
Paying the price of the ticket included good food.	1	2
The price is 20 bucks for a 15-minute reading and 1.50 buck per minute thereafter.	1	2
Reuben came out on a Saturday and we negotiated a price of $450.	1	2
I bought 2 of them and with regular shipping price came to $55.43.	1	2
Two bulbs plus shipping for roughly 70% of the price Advanced Gardens Hydroponics wanted for a single bulb.	1	2
The price is average for this type of entertainment.	1	2
price range is between $75- $350 for nails 	1	2
This place may not be Valley view, but the price for a movie is only $2.	1	2
On Tuesday night the price is $1.50.	1	2
There are many houses and it kills a good amount of time but for the same price you could get a real quality scare at the basement in Pittsburgh, PA.	1	2
 Went to this website and got half price tickets with no problem.	1	2
 The price of admission was $10, and parking was $13.	1	2
Not sure of the price for children.	1	2
I came here to see the new James Bond movie on a Staff night Monday which means you pay 7$ when regular price ticket would be 12$.	1	2
The price was 2 for $25 for locals at the time I went, and that was good for up to 6 hours.	1	2
Even at the regular price ranging from $20 for children 16 and under to $47.50 for adult tickets, this production is worth every penny.	1	2
The purchase price was $1,790.	1	2
00 a ticket,yes a ticket plus a 200 dollar service charge from the company, and the seats are not even the ones she thought she ordered, got sent two different seats, from what was on the web sight.	2	2
 Normally, all service is on par.	2	2
 Then once inside they didn't set up our bottle service and we had to go and find a manager and set it up ourselves.	2	2
they sell, service and repair custom and collectable guitars too.	2	2
  That's when I ran into Sienna Entertainment!  Sean Patrick was the first person to reply, within 30 mins of my email, and within a couple hours, we were all booked!  Table service at XS on a Saturday night for a party of 16 with a limo to drive us there from our hotel -- at an amazing deal too!	2	2
  I work in the customer service industry and I have high expectations - Sergio has exceeded my expectations in every single way.	2	2
 Sunday we went to ReHab at the Hard Rock and later got complimentary bottle service at Club Vanity.	2	2
 Their food, drinks and service were on par.	2	2
 Therefore you know its legit when you have the contact of someone working at the club who will be arranging your table service or VIP cover.	2	2
 When you need a reliable service to help plan the entire weekend, check out Sienna Entertainment.	2	2
 I have used other VIP service companies previously but this time, my experience was different and I made new friends in the US.	2	2
 In the middle of the tour, Kam called me and said that he has a FREE table and bottle service at Surrender and if we wanted it.	2	2
 Who would give you FREE table service in Vegas.	2	2
Am carrying a 4# service chihuahua dog and that old broad behind the counter made me leave her outside 	2	2
 If you are going to host a function at the VC (i) always get a detailed quote including service fees and gratuities before you book a function; and (ii) always check your credit card to make sure you haven't been overcharged.	2	2
I am posting this note merely as a public service to Yelp and to Yelp members and other site visitors.	2	2
 However because I've never given him service he doesn't have any review  to give in that matter.	2	2
  She has no business in a retail customer service industry.	2	2
The service was your traditional Episcopalian service.	2	2
  I can't say I've been to a service I have enjoyed in such a long time.	2	2
 We waited several minutes then realized there was probably no table service so we ordered from the bar.	2	2
Sidenotes: Coatcheck is generally available, and there is a bank machine on site however it kinda sucks since you can't withdraw more than $100 and has a $3 service fee.	2	2
Someone keeps leaving flyers in my neighborhood and on my door for a service here.	2	2
 Get to the theater early and walk upstairs to the new Full service sports bar.	2	2
They broadcast steeler games with FREE ADMISSION in one of the theaters and offer full bar service in-theater.	2	2
Maybe their exhibits are decent, but their service for members is certainly not.	2	2
 On the other hand, Branded One CrossFit is so different from other gyms because it is a 501(c)(3) non-profit that gives FREE memberships to disabled service men and women.	2	2
I was there yesterday lots of slot machines and great customer service plus a 24 hour cafe a great improvement from that My Casino .	2	2
I will likely be back to the Gateway to take in a show or two in the future, but it is very unlikely that I will be ordering food or interacting with the service staff.	2	2
 They were about $1150 each plus $325 each in service fees.	2	2
 There was zero customer service over the phone.	2	2
+ service fee $14 	2	2
 Purchase price was $76 per ticket plus a $70 service fee.	2	2
 They told me to call the 3rd party seller, goodytickets and they had an answering service who couldnt help.	2	2
50 service fee if you paid in advance, so $53 for two people to walk in the door) it would be a unique and special event.	2	2
  The service and processing fees (which are on top of the 10% they charge the seller) were $47.	2	2
 Imagine $35 tickets to a local Nutcracker show being sold by this vendor (I can't even say or write the name) for $65? Plus $20 each for service charge? What service, send an email? MAJOR RIPOFF STAY AWAY NO MATTER WHAT YOU ARE ORDERING.	2	2
 I limped in to Las Vegas late on a Sunday afternoon knowing the local Moto Guzzi dealer would not be open for service again until Tuesday.	2	2
* no child minding service but it doesn't seem to need it	2	2
 I had been a member of another similar service for several years.	2	2
\" If she can't even provide any idea about the most basic issues that a customer might have before they bring in the artwork (pricing? sample materials?), what kind of service is that? I think she was just more interested in getting back to her conversation.	2	2
  When I went to customer service to ask them to turn the heat down some, I was told that was the way it is and the back rows are always hotter.	2	2
 No waitress service once inside the theater either.	2	2
I needed same day same hour service and everyone else kept telling me 3-7 days .	2	2
 Came here for NYE and got bottle service and no regrets.	2	2
 Customer service has no number lol	2	2
 I mean hello? I paid for your service and I have the right to know any question I asked.	2	2
Lastly, there is a shuttle service from Exhibition Station to the other side of the parking lot.	2	2
 I have worked in customer service my entire professional life.	2	2
Now the service is average at best.	2	2
Online ticket prices vs at the door ticket weren't all that much difference, at the door you pay $15, and online with their set price at $10, plus tax, plus service fees, it came to almost $13.	2	2
 I am desperate to get some furniture but there are other furniture stores around that carry AICO and other good lines and hopefully they have staff that are service minded and who want to sell furniture.	2	2
The only thing is that the parking service was so not organized, and the crowed was too much, at a point you cannot move easily!	2	2
 It's a two for one service at this trough.	2	2
 Also their delivery service is only $25.	2	2
  There's also a full service bar.	2	2
 They have an ATM machine you can use that will gladly charge you a service fee if you don't carry cash around like most business professionals.	2	2
We bought our tickets in September at half price, plus a service fee.	2	2
  And they added a $10 service charge per ticket and other taxes and fees.	2	2
  Christian was not customer service related in any way.	2	2
We bought our tickets in September at half price, plus a service fee.	2	2
 I also wished that the organizers would let the transit service know about this program because a few times, some transit people told us the pass was not a legitimate bus fare.	2	2
 in addition, the food and service was mediocre at best.	2	2
 The jack hammer noise starts at 8am sharp and goes all day til 6pm! Jack hammer sounds like it right below your room! No info in rooms for any room service and NO complimentary waters.	2	2
Yippee!  Now I can pay a 99 cent service charge on a 99 cent ticket!	2	2
  There are a plethora of tables overlooking the field along with a full service bar for its patrons.	2	2
I did win a free bottle service and VIP upgrade at Larry Flint's Hustler Club for spinning the wheel.	2	2
 The lady running the register, bar, and food service was obviously overwhelmed.	2	2
 There is a service bar for the guests.	2	2
I haven't actually even used this service yet.	2	2
 While Luminato did offer free shuttle bus service between Union Station and The Hearn, it was disorganized.	2	2
  After purchasing the piano and moving it to my house, Wes performed a Level 2 service (check his website) and tuning on the piano.	2	2
 this is about customer service and getting what you ordered - I received neither.	2	2
 During my most recent visit, there was a Wehrmacht Heer AFV crew jacket (the black 'panzer wrapper') complete with insignia, and some exotic looking British service dress.	2	2
 I wish I could review their service but there wasn't any.	2	2
I can easily go to a taco restaurant like la carnita or Wilbur Mexicana and pay for service and seating and tax and tip and have the taco still come under $8 each!!! 	2	2
 Also, there is free WiFi, which is cool because I had no service otherwise.	2	2
 There is no customer service here.	2	2
 With service fee and tax, two adult tickets would cost $66.	2	2
  We left 3 min too late and waited in line at customer service then she says had we left sooner we could have gotten refund.	2	2
 Unlike Dave and Busters, they do not have waiter service so you have to order at the counter.	2	2
 It must have just opened when I first went, because the food options other reviewers described were not yet available; there was just a ghetto-looking food truck (no service window) parked in the Biergarten.	2	2
 I don't feel it's necessary for me to say \"hey, can I get some service here?\" Especially when there are only 3 people inside.	2	2
  Also, no OUTSIDE food or drinks are allowed inside, and there is a BAR inside so I had no waitress service there, that brought complimentary drinks.	2	2
 The seats and service is better at Caesars, so take the short walk and sit in luxury with happily helpful staff.	2	2
 It seemed to have a friendly crowd, service was slow, but I'm just saying it's because they are still getting used to being open.	2	2
  The interior was uninteresting but comfortable enough, and the service was average.	2	2
  The venue was set up in a logical manner but there was no customer service tent to be found.	2	2
 I also saw CAA had a service for Bike Riders.	2	2
We were able to buy tickets online without a service charge and an SMS was sent to my phone with a link.	2	2
 I highly HIGHLY recommend scheduling a cab service to pick you up AHEAD OF TIME.	2	2
 Could we have had service on third floor? I didn't go up there to see the layout, but probably not.	2	2
 that is the discounted price, minus the service fees, taxes.	2	2
 When we went through the the exchange process the next Thursday, we were then advised by the customer service rep and manager in duty that day that they were unable to exchange the tickets for that night's show.	2	2
  The service is always personal and outstanding.	2	2
Unfortunately this review is not from our experience there as we never got to the studio but rather this is more customer service related.	2	2
I just received a tattoo service from Dereck.	2	2
 Won't be back since I don't like to sit and play at the bar and that's the only way u can get cocktail service	2	2
I am a member of another service in NYC that is AMAZING.	2	2
They offer a free limo\/party bus for your party at your hotel, don't worry there are many taxis and car service available when you leave.	2	2
 With the service charges each ticket came to $111.	2	2
Also beware that they didn't give me a price upfront.	1	2
Get go falls under the Giant Eagle umbrella so you can use your Advantage card rewards to lower the price if you have any.	1	2
I don't like that big discrepancy in price so since I'm not a local I don't know if I'll be back.	1	2
They never quoted me a price to have my handle put on and it was my fault for not asking before hand.	1	2
 Was not informed of the price ahead of time.	1	2
I did think the man got a little upset because he didn't close my hood all the way, 3 stars for the polite phone call,  greeting, and for telling me the price before actually doing it.	1	2
But very mediocre service leaves a lot of small areas dirty but ok for the price I guess.	1	2
If I hadn't already had an estimate from the dealer and known what needed to be done and a price for comparison purposes I'd have run.	1	2
 While a winning bid is the price one pays for the car, it's also just a start.	1	2
I feel they just looked at it, assumed it was messed up, and slapped a huge price tag.	1	2
 If the car sold, another 10% of the auction price went to the dealer.	1	2
Genuinely nice people, but, get the doc and tag fees disclosed up front and understand that they may not work with you on price unless the car has been there a long time.	1	2
That price was $10\/tire for balancing, $2\/tire unmounting, $2\/tire mounting and probably fees and taxes.	1	2
  The regular price is about the same everyone else,  but they will price match local chains and you can find coupons about anywhere.	1	2
 She asks me to find the item in the flyer, I tell her I don't get flyers and that I don't know what their sale price is and that the butcher told me this as he left.	1	2
We told him we were sticking with what we said, and he went and got another manager, who told us the price we were getting was firm, that they were actually loosing money, you know standard.	1	2
Even Best Buy will price match websites like Amazon.	1	2
The coin car wash price is $2 per cycle.	1	2
 For the price I paid for this detail I didn't expect to have to do anything to the vehicle.	1	2
I was misquoted on the price over the phone and perhaps the person I spoke to misunderstood me when I said my tires were not on rims and I needed the winter tires taken off and the summer ones put on, although I'm not sure how that gets misunderstood.	1	2
I asked them to check on the price for me, but they never bothered.	1	2
 I refused this and said I would pay the price they quoted.	1	2
On a positive note, at least they don't post cash price and charge another price if you're using credit.	1	2
We talked about all of the things wrong with the vehicle and the salesman agreed that  #1 the vehicle WAS indeed in bad shape and #2 they would be able to alter the price a bit to accommodate for the damages and the neglect of the vehicles care.	1	2
Per her information, I dropped the price by $1,000 on my used car in order to get it sold quickly.	1	2
The car wash service used to provide 10 wash coupon for a cheap price and you get 11th wash for free.	1	2
They offer three different tiered washing at different price levels.	1	2
 They also order their parts from a magazine which means you could probably get the same price anywhere.	1	2
I'm updating this review as they have changed the sign to clearly reflect the price with the car wash.	1	2
Average car dealership sell you lots of extras and price kept changing had to deal with manager to get accurate pricing.	1	2
With that said, regardless of you you end up taking your car to, price around and get multiple opinions.	1	2
Had I researched more into the price I would never have booked my appointment here.	1	2
I gave them 3 STARS but they could have easily gotten 5 STARS! They are Johnny on the spot to offer a free towing service to bring your vehicle to their shop but once they have it, you will just have to wait!  Stella tells you it only takes 2 weeks and the price is $2700 + tax $3k....	1	2
 The price is exactly as indicated and since I was doing an in-town move you get burned mostly on mileage charges...	1	2
this place used to be called A&D (auto dynamics or something like that) and after A&D got horrible yelp ratings; suddenly, at the same address is \"fix auto\"  ----did they just change their name or get new ownership???;  the new named body shop has a great write up guy named steve;  very professional and accurate;  however, the body shop mechanic seems to have been kind of  careless; after I picked up my car, I found three things broken or missing from under the engine hood;  the rod (that holds up the engine cover) was gone, mind you--it had already been compromised but why throw it away?;  a bolt was removed from the battery holding steel rack (allowing the battery to move around under the hood) and the engine coolant reservoir was missing the cap that keeps the coolant from evaporating or splashing out;  [customer service was good and the work done was average; price was good;]  I would not have degraded the review if the body mechanic had not messed with the stuff under the engine hood;  mind you, I presume it was him because who else would have access to the car?  also the body mechanic has to disconnect the battery as part of the work he has to do;	1	2
 The girl who answers the phone, Crystal, is really friendly and helpful but still couldn't give me a definite price even after being put on hold a few times.	1	2
The salesman answered all my questions and took me on several test drives, showed me all the deals and the price points.	1	2
On the other hand the sales director is aggressive, and plays good cop bad cop with the salesman to up the price and negotiate very little.	1	2
The price are 23.01 + tax for a reg clean and they clean my inside also.	1	2
Same price for both with different levels of packages ($9-$15).	1	2
I negotiated a price on the vehicle over the phone.	1	2
Regular price items are on par with others.	1	2
They didn't state the normal price but what I could gather the normal price was $16\/mo Which to me is a bit high.	1	2
Always got my weekly SC gas here for the car wash however I've noticed the car wash price has gone up $1 but more importantly so has the speed of the car wash.	1	2
For the same price you will get the oil changed as well as a vacuum and window wash.	1	2
 yet it was the same price as the cleaned, no damage vehicle.	1	2
Naturally, she balked at the price and asked if it was something her husband (me) could do.	1	2
It wasn't just tax the invoice price is listed	1	2
It's a nice balance between the cash only price for Arco (just a block away) and the other more expensive options nearby.	1	2
When they said how much the bill was, they asked him if that price was ok for him.	1	2
 Most used dealerships are about the same, its all coming down to price and model and do you get what you pay for.	1	2
 My partner told them a price range and the salesman helped him get everything set up.	1	2
I got a call from a mechanic on Saturday, and the price went from $170+ to $397.	1	2
 They were very straight forward about the amount of time it would take (~45 minutes) and the price estimate ($125).	1	2
This also included the engine air filter for $29, the same price as a Toyota filter (confirmed after a quick call to Toyota).	1	2
They don't really deal on price but are priced at the bottom of blue book from what I could see so that was fine.	1	2
Good service and follow from Mike, but a sales manager said \"I just wanted to emphasize we do NOT miss business over price \"  When I shared a price from another dealership he said he couldn't touch that, so apparently they do miss business over price.	1	2
 I hate the fact that no bike has a price tag on them.	1	2
If I get a coupon or the price comes down, I would love to give this place my business on the regular.	1	2
review_id : KD6EqHnvvoSB0vegk_dSZw	1	2
Again, I realize it was a difficult job and I understand there was extra labor involved, but I'm not paying for your labor -- I'm paying to have the service performed and you determine your price based on your labor.	1	2
I managed to find two varieties on display at the register, but it turns out that the price I saw was for the *other* ones, so when they rang up for $10 instead of $6, we fixed it quickly and I got two bottles of the green rather than the orange.	1	2
Although sites are small, 75% of them are pull throughs at same price as back ins.	1	2
Now he tells me that to get the sale price you have to qualify.	1	2
Stopped in to get a price on other work.	1	2
I choose to negotiate the price that night and it was based on the car passing the inspection.	1	2
 Not only was the price 2\/3's of my other 2 quotes, they said bring it back if it fails and they'd fix it for the cost of parts.	1	2
They've got me in and out of there in under 90 minutes with new rubber to haul my ass around the desert and up to Utah for the next 8k miles.....all at a VERY fair price for labor, especially compared to those \"other\" guys.	1	2
 Items that were going on sale Tuesday were also displayed without tags of any kind regular price or not.	1	2
  Service adviser was unable to give me a price on the basic service my car was scheduled to receive (new tires).	1	2
Gas price is typically on par with surrounding stations.	1	2
Buyer beware I was told one price by the attendant and he runs my card for $5 more.	1	2
When you ask for a quote make sure you get a price for the rims hope	1	2
:) The list price I paid was almost $4K under what retail was for my VW Routan.	1	2
When I got home and looked at the coupon, it said the regular price was $21.99 but $16.99 with the coupon.	1	2
No matter what the price sheet says, they are all $5.	1	2
They did all of that TODAY, at the time they said they would have it done, and squeezed in an oil change to boot- all for a price I felt was fair.	1	2
Looking at the invoice they put a bunch of different \"packages\" together to come up with that price (they replaced and serviced the brakes, did a tire changeover, oil change, new brake light bulb).	1	2
Since price wasn't a consideration I went with customer service to get my work done.	1	2
I stopped here because I seen it as I drove by, when asked about a price for a detail job I was given a $200 \"discounted\" rate...	1	2
They lowered the price $1000 without me asking or doing anything (it help get the financing).	1	2
Emailed for price quote & they got back to me in 2 hours; and got serviced that day.	1	2
Nick, the owner, looked over our receipt to see what was done & nothing was itemized- it only stated \"labor & parts\"labor & parts\" & a price of over $350.00.	1	2
So requested for 2 stage polish but the price has been changed from what he has initially quoted.	1	2
Same price whether you pay cash or credit for gas.	1	2
  That would have been $1000 for a car that was 10 years old with a sticker price of $8,000.	1	2
I price checked my minor problem (trunk latch blues) with 3 other mechanics.	1	2
JR Auto was the only shop to quote me a price under 3 figures.	1	2
 And you know what, that's what the price was when he got done, no Frits, that's what it was.	1	2
How often do you purchase an item and\/or service in which the cost of the warranty exceeds the price of the original item.	1	2
I dealt with the manager, Mitchell Rosowitz and he shot me straight and gave me a price for repairs and recommendations for other repairs needed without pressure.	1	2
I received a quick reply with a standard price from Joseph when I emailed for a quote.	1	2
The price they post on the street (which is the same as their competitors) is only for cash or shell cards.	1	2
I explained that I was price shopping and the rebate amount was the only reason I chose them over their competition.	1	2
What more can I say about this dealership other than they are your typical dealership that lowballs you on your trade in and will turn around and flip it for 2-3x the price they paid you.	1	2
The price you saw was the price you would pay.	1	2
Whatever he said, you can not get that price or deal after you sign up the document.	1	2
Since I checked in with Yelp, the price was $17.99 instead of $19.99 but after I paid with my card I only saved myself a dollar.	1	2
That's plain price shopping.	1	2
The price was comparable to other chains, but the service really shined.	1	2
They are very dilagent and they don't price gouge like others in the area.	1	2
 Asked the price of an oil change and was given one.	1	2
Beware though, the gas price listed on the street side sign is the cash or green card price.	1	2
I went to dealership they mentioned we are one price shop and the price for this Accord is 'X' amount.	1	2
He said that he had already mentioned that we are one price shop.	1	2
Why the dealership is taking pride in one price shop when they are misrepresenting their vehicle on the website.	1	2
\"The same price as it is to install it?\" \"Yeah,\" he replied.	1	2
Called @ 850, was quoted a price and informed me they'd be closing in 10 minutes.	1	2
I decided to just see what kind of price the dealership wanted.	1	2
Showed up at 8:00am when they opened and three guys got on it and had the exhaust fixed as good as new within an hour for a great price	1	2
They eventually reduced the original price by a few hundred dollars to about $900.	1	2
Make sure to save yourself a lot of money and hassle by getting your car towed to your house or to a reputable auto body shop, and ask for about the price before they touch your car.	1	2
He helped my husband and I find the perfect car to fit what we wanted and our price range.	1	2
had I known he was going to sell it out from underneath me after agreeing to terms price running my credit and scheduling me to come back up the next day so that they would have time to swap the wheels over I would have driven back up there right then and there.	1	2
The quotes I received where right on target and there was no price gouging!! I have definitely found a new home for my car care needs!!!!	1	2
 If you find what you are looking for, they will give you a price quote, then radio a tech to pull the part for you.	1	2
Great service station that knows what they are doing but try to sell you things and then note it on your service record in your account for the next time, whenever you decline.	2	2
Some of the service was done by them only months prior, and they acted as if they couldn't find it within their computers.	2	2
Shouldn't be that hard, if whenever I decline their service that they offer me besides the oil change, they remind me the next time that I declined them the last time.	2	2
I took then keys back to the service manager and he said okay I will be right back.	2	2
This finally happened and the service manger brought me my car to my office for me which was very nice but because I was at work I didn't get chance to inspect the work until I got home late from work that day.	2	2
When I called the service manager he said he would order me new rear view mirror and call me when he had done so.	2	2
Got acquainted with the service via a Community Deal that a portion of the  proceeds go to the local charity of your choosing.	2	2
 They told us that if we took the car to the location we would get a discount over having the mobile service come to our home or work.	2	2
Two months later with another bill coming in we called customer service and the office again and also had a family member stop into the office.	2	2
 I paid less than $400 when I scheduled my own service and paid without using my insurance.	2	2
Used to use their service frequently.	2	2
I also felt like my service guy was trying to upsell a lot of things like flushes.	2	2
We asked if they would honor the yelp 20% prior to service and the gentleman said yes.	2	2
The service department (the catch 22 of leasing- you have to go there) was run by a complete butthole.	2	2
Pro's - Was able to get service scheduled for the next day, and they put the new windshield in at the parking lot at my work.	2	2
The car takes synthetic oil and the service guy in Stow said it was over $500 for an oil change because the they don't stock that oil there.	2	2
Went here from Groupon I bought the $49 brake service left pay my $340 because of rotors.	2	2
The service rep warned us that we might have the car back by 5:30.	2	2
The service was not express (by my definition), and, in this case, we were left hanging by the service department.	2	2
This place differs from other mechanic shops because the service is offered while in your car so that should be taken into	2	2
I have been coming here for service for the past 2 years, ever since I purchased an SUV here.	2	2
- I prepaid for multiple years of service when I purchased my car.	2	2
On more than 1 occasion, when I've brought my car in for a service they have \"accidentally\" charged me again for a service I already paid for.	2	2
- Routine service appointments often take quite a bit longer than they quote you.	2	2
- I can't bring my car in for a service without a sales person then calling me and asking if I want to look at a new car while mine is in for a service.	2	2
As your car is in the queue, there are boards with the service menu.	2	2
I told customer service and they tried to help me with my situation, which they did.	2	2
From a service side, MAJOR issue.	2	2
 For example, the vehicle owner drives their vehicle into the stall and waits inside the vehicle while service is done.	2	2
The owner called me yesterday to apologize for the poor service and mistakes.	2	2
I'd say at least 50% of the customers in the lounge were told that they had to perform some other kind of service other than what they originally brought the car in for.	2	2
 They have streamlined the service which makes the wait less painful.	2	2
I presented my credit card and was told I was being charged 3% service charge.	2	2
It is currently going under some renovations, expanding on the sales show floor, and I think the service bay area.	2	2
I noticed that they now have a new service manager.	2	2
My review will have to be strictly on the service side of the dealership.	2	2
They have three main service advisors, a male and two females.	2	2
When you drive up to the service bay door, they usually have you inside within about 5-10 minutes.	2	2
As near as I could tell, the prices looked to be about the same, the stock looked to be about the same and the service seemed to be about the same.	2	2
Although this service station is on the right side of the road, getting back out onto the highway is difficult because of all the traffic.	2	2
When I picked it up, the service manager asked why we were having it towed and then told my husband it was the air valve that wasn't on right and that the stalling issue was fixed.	2	2
However, I can't say the same about the service team just for the simple fact that it usually takes an incredibly long time.	2	2
I avoid weekends cuz the service goes from hero to zero, real quick! Wednesday they are open a little later making things easier for you to manage.	2	2
Smart's customer service just called my husband and offered a refund for the inspection I discuss below, so I have changed my ratng from a 1 to a 3.	2	2
I had emailed Smart last night with my complaint, and my husband went in and talked to the service department this morning, with no results so I don't know what triggered the call now but I am happy that it did--perhaps someone finally read the email that I sent last night.	2	2
 When I dropped the car off, I told the service person that I wanted an oil change and nothing else and that my husband had just changed the air filter, the cabin filter and rotated the tires.	2	2
 My car has only 30,000 miles on it and there is no need to inspect it for the things that are included in their all points inspection (expecially when they knew that I would not need an air filter change, cabin filter change or the tires roated) so they were, in my opinion,  selling me an unnecessary service and not clearly presenting it as an extra charge service.	2	2
I've had Stratton RV Service come out for 2 service calls.	2	2
Customer service doesn't match quality of product.	2	2
I'm giving this review three stars because it's not a service I use very often so I don't have any comparison against other similar businesses.	2	2
This review is about the service department.	2	2
There is a self service machine in each that you drive up to, and you read the instructions carefully, it is fully touch control.	2	2
Their self service machine does give you change if you happen to have a $5.00 bill for the $3.00 wash or you are one to have your car super clean.	2	2
Before I forget there are employees around to help guide your car through the wash or if you somehow happen to have problems with the self service machine.	2	2
We were referred here because it's the only authorized service point under our National Warranty in Lasalle.	2	2
Tomei's was the hauling service that was forced on me when I was in an accident in Stowe Township.	2	2
Unfortunately I had too leave and called the service place that did the inspection who said they could not find the key???.	2	2
Customer service is average but again.	2	2
I go to one counter, the closest to the service desk and the cashier spits out, \"I am closed\" I say \"thats fine, can I just leave my basket here while I ask a question at customer service?\" She seems offended, and grunts.	2	2
I proceed to the service desk and this haggard miserable wench creeps her head over and says \"YES?\"  Its name was Arlette.	2	2
I had my oil changed (by appointment) for a 4th time at the Kia\/Mazda service center and was told it would take an hour.	2	2
Review for the service area.	2	2
I brought my Terrain in with a couple questions and a service light that was going off and on for two weeks.	2	2
A small service station that's good for pumping gas but not so great if you need the benefits of a convenience store like beverages or a bathroom.	2	2
I was okay with the service up until a couple days ago.	2	2
They have had a lot of turnover in employees in the dealership so Im going to wait and see how our next service encounter goes before I cast my final opinion.	2	2
I recently ran over a screw in a location that wasn't able to be plugged, so I called the service department about seeing whether the fix was under warranty...	2	2
I asked if they were familiar with what was needed for a 70,000 mile service and oil change and they said yes.	2	2
The service sticker in my car was updated saying to return after 5,000 miles or 6 months which is different as I purchased this car new and have always been told in the past to bring in every 10,000 miles or 1 year.	2	2
I usually received same day service .	2	2
A lot of bike shops wash your bike for you when you get a service done at least in my experience.	2	2
The customer service is hit and miss.	2	2
The freebies were also in the showroom and not in the service center, if we didn't ask we wouldn't have known about them, not good for the people who were waiting for their cars to be done.	2	2
I know they service police cars, they must have a contract with them.	2	2
My car was clean when he got there, and the main reason why I wanted this service was for a hand wax job and interior treatment.	2	2
People like that need to be driving a clown car with deflated wheels and an overdue service checkup that likely won't pass inspection.	2	2
If your tire is flat call AAA and get it to a service station.	2	2
I thank you for your service today.	2	2
review_id : AYoire0WvI2iLalGb2alVA	2	2
I realize it was just ice, but it's also customer service which means you're dealing with people and  people deserve second chances.	2	2
 Aside from that, they seem to run a legit business and are always very quick to service your needs.	2	2
I purchased the additional insurance so I tend to come here for any service I may need.	2	2
My service experience has been average.	2	2
Their service agents are a little overworked and that caused them to miss something I wanted them to inspect for the first service.	2	2
 I wish the industry had a shake up in that regard but compared to others their service department is \"average\" and their sales department is \"excellent\".	2	2
Bought my escape at cam clark but come here for service since its closer.	2	2
The technician called me into the service area to show me that my treads were running low and that he recommended we replace all four tires.	2	2
You know you live in Arizona when you feel like you have to replace your windshield wipers more than you service your car.	2	2
Also, don't bother calling in, their phone service is fully automated.	2	2
 The service manager, John, had the car towed back to their location free of charge and even reimbursed the fee the other mechanic charged to look over the car.	2	2
Mediocre service center, I brought the car to investigate the noise from the car which turned out to be a heat shield rattle.	2	2
This is more of a review of the service department, not so much the car dealership aspect.	2	2
I used to always take my Exploder here for service requirements, which were quite frequent some time ago.	2	2
They were always good at helping us, but that could have been because a good family friend of ours was the service department manager.	2	2
I've been going to Summerfield (former name) for all my car service needs for over a decade.	2	2
Wait...so do they really think KEEPING A CAR for a DAY AND A HALF (or MORE) is a reasonable length of time in order TO CHANGE THE OIL?  Especially when the service was confirmed the day before?  Or have their customer service standards gotten so low they can't be bothered to be upfront and honest about how long it would take to fit someone in?	2	2
He then came and told me that it was a low side service port (whew!) He said luckily they were about to repair everything was available to them and if I agreed with price we could fix.	2	2
Took the car in for service around 2 months ago and found out my warranty ending in May, 2016.	2	2
I asked the service rep that my warranty should be 7 years and not 5.	2	2
Ultimately, Marc called his service department to look further into it and they did advise him the engine was in fact replaced earlier in the week as a result of a blown head gasket.	2	2
Marc apologized and confirmed the mechanic was correct and noted he was not aware of the repair made to the car and it was not showing on records because it was just done earlier in the week so it did not hit the service records yet.	2	2
Customer service is something that should be applied to when at work.	2	2
I go to this location for service of my 2015 VW Passat.	2	2
I informed the service guy that I'm in a budget and couldn't afford that at that time.	2	2
While my car was being serviced, I looked online at the brake fluid service and it was recommended every 3 years, which for me would not be until October 2018.	2	2
Customer service could use a little fine tuning here.	2	2
Bought my car and get its service done here whenever the mileage hit the markers indicated on that little sticker thingy they put on your windshield...	2	2
They're just west of behind the Shell station and next to Bento's Auto Body so this is kind of a car service corner: Repair, gas, and wash.	2	2
- The service manager came out to tell me they were done and my car would be out soon...	2	2
The price is right, I just wonder who else is using this light and what the customer satisfaction is like...	1	2
I would have only got one if clear price was presented.	1	2
Friendly staff and good work just try to get an accurate price or pay first.	1	2
They then slash the prices considerably and sell them for a price that is often still too high in my opinion.	1	2
 They also advertise a 1 year price match warranty which is unheard of in retail as far as I know.	1	2
And shipping was practically near the same price as us renting a uhaul.	1	2
Earlier in my shopping trip I saw art work hanging in the back but didn't have any price clearly marked and I was looking around for assistance.	1	2
 I wish DVF would bring out new colors in the Stephanie bag or something, they are still selling the metallic black & silver & gold for $875.00 same price it was 3 yrs ago in the same colors.	1	2
In all three times the staff was super nice and helpful, willing to explain about each product and even match prices (only if they have it in stock) Regarding that, I actually came in hoping to leave with a stroller but the salesperson told me that the ad that we found online has a newer stroller than they one they carry, so she could not match up the price for me.	1	2
Well stocked and everything clearly labelled and price - is this a dream I've walked into?  Prices are pretty reasonable and they have lots of items on sale or clearance at the end of the season.	1	2
 Always check the price tag as I've caught them a few times with wrong price tags.	1	2
I might as well have bought my screen protector without the warranty for 1\/3 the price and not paid a shipping and handling fee.	1	2
4 star for the look cleanliness and products, 3 star for the price	1	2
I was told at the bottom of the website their is a price indicator, however a more visible pricing metric should be displayed.	1	2
Come to find out I was right my item was not registered as the sale price and a simple price adjustment needed to be made.	1	2
There were a lot of options available for what I was looking for in terms of hair - lots of price points, which was really great.	1	2
Rosland capital told me that the spot price has nothing to do with the value of the coin.	1	2
The base ring was a 14K white gold with 6 side diamonds that were S2 rating and that the ring without the centre stone would be a flat price of $1,850.	1	2
 I've gone and gotten a second pair of glasses for LESS, paid full price WITHOUT insurance, and paid less, and the glasses were durable and fashionable.	1	2
 Their price points were on par with the big chains, especially in terms of smaller units which they were probably selling a lot of this summer.	1	2
Nothing in there was at a price I was willing to pay for so I just looked around and left.	1	2
When the cashier rung it up, the regular price was showing so I told her that the sign on the bin said it was still on sale.	1	2
I haven't inquired where they fit price range so I can't say if you're getting what you're paying for or not.	1	2
Batteries Plus and Bulbs must be different that Batteries Plus because they wouldn't honor the price for a battery on the Batteries Plus website.	1	2
It is like Sephora on swanky crack, and there is not a price tag to be seen.	1	2
 I wish they would just put the price clearly visible by the item.	1	2
 Jeff apparently wasn't able to negotiate on the price of the ring, but promised more flexibility with the wedding bands.	1	2
Everything is decently priced at about $120-$250 price range for dresses.	1	2
But they need to price their records.	1	2
They are not the same quality as my other set, but the price was right for sure.	1	2
The store carries really trendy items...and at a mid-level price range.	1	2
One final piece of advice, check the Amazon price on toys before you leave the store.	1	2
I found a two-pack of said bulbs on the shelf with a yellow sign underneath saying the sale price was $2.74.	1	2
Be sure to price check.	1	2
I was able to do quick price comparisons on bed sheets and in the end Tuesday Morning won out that day.	1	2
I would also wished they were up to date with their price tags because I noticed some things like lobsters and some other seafood didn't have a price tag on them.	1	2
Their price was $64.99, B&B Pools had it for $28.99.	1	2
The one thing that was a little annoying was that there were several items that did not have a price tag so it was hard to figure out much it was unless you actually went up to the register to get it scanned.	1	2
Each day brings a different money-saving incentive based on the color of the price tag.	1	2
It's more than the fact that they can be brush and condescending, but refusing to price games for my friends and I was a sign of things to come.	1	2
 They also have some items in the store that are regular brand new retail items that are the same price as at the store.	1	2
I had high hopes of scoring a steal of a price on New Balance running shoes as I'm loyal to the brand.	1	2
We were visiting different stores in and around the area to find, first, a model we liked and second, to price check.	1	2
The last time was a couple months ago when I needed a laptop case - I was able to find one that didn't seem to have a corresponding posted price tag and took it over to a register to get it scanned.	1	2
As I said, the website is a great source to do your research as they have lots of pictures and ideas, plus price points.	1	2
They get 3 stars for products & price & negative 1,000 stars for customer service.	1	2
If you wanna consign items, they offer you 40% of the price they are going to sell it for, or so they say.	1	2
 They offer products at a few different price points, which is helpful for the young ones or people looking to try a new sport.	1	2
We saw a cabinet we really liked, asked for the price and were told it was part of a set and could not be sold individually.	1	2
There are places in the GTA in the same price range that do so much more and afford a much richer experience.	1	2
But is willing to offer matching price as other store did.	1	2
Also, don't be afraid to ask questions and do some price comparison.	1	2
They no longer handle Listerine Total and they have raised the price of their nuts by several dollars.	1	2
Their price matching policy is a bit deceptive in that they only price match Amazon and Barnes and Noble (maybe some other big retailers too that I've forgotten about) but not only do you have to get it off those marketplaces but the order has to be fulfilled by Amazon or Barnes and Noble themselves and not a third party even if the book is new.	1	2
It was $9.99 but sale price was only $4.99.	1	2
It just sometimes takes a while to find what I am looking for and often the most time consuming part is searching throughout the store trying to locate the best price of the title being offered since the price often varies and that variance is not dependent upon book condition .	1	2
Definitely a little out of my price range for now, but this is the one place in Madison where I can go once in a while to treat myself to something nice.	1	2
However, they do carry lots of brand name products, so if you're into those kind of things and don't want to spend full price at department stores, it's probably worth a look.	1	2
The sparse, clean store, organised racks, & price tags, makes it look like COS is not just another \"fast fashion\" store.	1	2
 But you can't put a price on friends and again, they were cute and I'd buy myself one.	1	2
I had no idea what style I wanted or what looked nice so she pulled 4-5 dresses in various styles within my price range.	1	2
Some of it priced the way antique dealers from small towns price stuff for city folk.	1	2
So I'm  like, \"well they're  clearly labled that way, so shouldn't  you  honor your mistake? I've always assumed if you put the wrong price tag on it, that's  your bad, not mine\" And they were like \"no, we cant.\" So I'm  like adios....	1	2
The staff is helpful and there is one little lady who is especially pleasant; every time I see her she has a kind word for me, and that has no price tag.	1	2
Be careful with sale price stickers: prices may not be as displayed.	1	2
 I wasn't in a rush, but I was there for 1 hour and I felt like I spent the majority of my time waiting for people to just tell me a price and filing paperwork.	1	2
The estimates on price we had gone over for months in advance changed drastically the week before the wedding.	1	2
Keep your eyes open for the single price vs the buy 3 or more price.	1	2
The frames are neatly stacked and have the size and price clearly written on the packaging.	1	2
 Well, none of the price tags showed the item that I wanted and the girl couldn't help and so I went looking for it myself elsewhere and found it...	1	2
 I found what I was looking for for less than half the price at hacienda.	1	2
A quick phone call elicited that there was some, but what size, strain, and price was unknown as they were too busy to look.	1	2
 If you want to pay full price on an item, go to Levin's or something like that.	1	2
Yes, I know they all usually come with a hefty price tag, but I can't do without the fit of these t-shirts.	1	2
 You don't know what there real price is.	1	2
 There are no price tags on anything; you must ask the staff.	1	2
My biggest complaint is where they apply their price tags...Instead of using seams or tags, they pop right through the meat of the product in a noticeable spot, lessening, and sometimes ruining the value of it! I especially hate when they do this to vintage pieces.	1	2
They did have a large offering of low carb protein bars, a lot of brands you don't see in regular store but I did find the price point to be high most bars were $3.99 and up whereas at the grocery store it would be $2.50	1	2
 So if I don't like the purchased product I can pay an additional $300 (10% on the price of the mattress ) to get the firmer mattress.	1	2
 Now I could purchase a whole house full of furniture for the same delivery price which would be ok.	1	2
His original quote contained the same price for the sub on Crutchfield.	1	2
As a manager in a big local business in Madison it's discouraging to know you can't get a price over the phone.	1	2
Went to 4 other gun shops and their price for the same brand of ammo averaged 19 dollars.	1	2
This store has a lot of baby items that different price point so you should be able to find what you need.	1	2
The first thing I picked up was without a price on it, so I grabbed another one and another one and another one until I found one that was marked.	1	2
Knocked $10 off my $15 duct tape even though the difference was only 70 cents between the pricing label and the barcode price	1	2
He will work with you on price if you are a serious buyer.	1	2
They had a great selection of dresses from every price point.	1	2
 However, I buy a 90 day supply, and then the price is the same as before.	1	2
It Cost me the same price as buying  a wool fabric for one meter....	1	2
 They have a lifetime trade-up allowance where they will give you the purchase price of your diamond towards a new purchase (it has to be 150% more than the original).	1	2
John took the 59 dollars of the sale price and did not charge me for the downloading of my main frame, normally 199.	1	2
Especially after going down a few doors to Ross and getting the exact same thing I was going in to Tillys for at a $19.99 price tag instead.	1	2
Again I was told no an I paid full price for the mop and extra pad.	1	2
Pro Tip: if you can't find exactly the frames you're looking for, head out to a store in the suburbs, write down the model #, and they just might be able to beat the price here	1	2
Same prescription - same price frames - same insurance - we paid $108 a couple blocks away.	1	2
I recently became aware of the price difference and have moved on to another framer.	1	2
The quoted price was at least $100.	1	2
Matt quoted me a price and told me a date that the work would be completed.	1	2
That said- I asked for a 90 minute combo of back massage and foot massage posted price was $50.00.	1	2
I walked out with a bike in my price range that is a great fit for me.	1	2
I'm not talking about 1 rack, I'm talking the size of the regular price side of the store.	1	2
After some prodding I was told they could 'try to sell the dresses for 3 months' but couldn't guarantee when or at what price they would sell for.	1	2
Prices - Most of the dresses fell between the $800 - $1800 price point.	1	2
 It was also not same day service but it was available for pickup the following morning.	2	2
 To quote a line from an old article - \"Trying to look different ultimately makes everyone look the same.\"	2	2
 The selection was simply *alright* and the service was nothing to write home about.	2	2
 Service is not always with a smile, but I can't complain.	2	2
 As the service is the same no matter what Cell Phone company you are with.	2	2
 I did verify that through Verizon customer service.	2	2
 Okay now for the actual service.	2	2
 The customer service was average.	2	2
 3 star for service	2	2
 The problem was not the service, it was the way AT&T uses iPads to take down orders and write up information.	2	2
 See how customer service can make or break your day?	2	2
 My 3 stars go to the kind people at the register and customer service counter.	2	2
  Not very helpful and severely lacking in customer service.	2	2
 I can't give them any more than a 3, due to the service of the RO (whatever that stands for).	2	2
The customer service is similar to StarBucks, overbearing.	2	2
 I was at a heavy Hors d'Oeuvres service catered by An Affair To Remember.	2	2
  The professional staff did make the catering a bit above average though so props on service.	2	2
 Customer service here is hit or miss.	2	2
 The customer service is not bad.	2	2
 service is a hit or a miss   	2	2
Their customer service is usually pretty standard with someone asking if I need help.	2	2
The service provided was nothing more or less than expected.	2	2
To me customer service is just  as important as  the quality of the store.	2	2
I love their return policies, and their price guarantees, and their customer service desk is extremely easy to deal with.	2	2
 Maybe that's how it works here? I don't expect the same level of service at an outlet location as I would at a regular retail store, but no dressing room service? Okay.	2	2
 Other than that, they had the same service that I got the last time I was there.	2	2
 Service: N\/A - depends on where you shop.	2	2
 3 stars for friendly service and the awesome high quality stainless steel drip tip I got for only $8.	2	2
 They agree that customer service in vital in business and the proper train is key to there success.	2	2
  There is even a Canada Post at this location, but the post office service here is just very so so.	2	2
 About average customer service.	2	2
 This is a full service location or \"supercenter\" as it's normally called complete with a photo shop, an electronics and smartphone department, customer service desk, pharmacy, full grocery store, and a McDonald's for those so inclined.	2	2
 They actually have cashiers on duty and they aren't huddled at customer service chatting it up with each other.	2	2
It looks as though they have everything you could need for any service or equipment too.	2	2
Also, their customer service line did call me back ...	2	2
The service charge was $25.	2	2
3-stars because they always have stellar customer service.	2	2
This place gets a three based on service.	2	2
I know that all staff do not equate to what the company stand for but some staff just shouldn't deal with customers if they do not understand customer service.	2	2
The reason for the 3 stars is the customer service.	2	2
Today, I had to pick up a gift at guest services.	2	2
i wouldnt go there for the service though.	2	2
3 stars for the showroom with a follow up for product\/service later.	2	2
But this doesn't affect the quality of the service provided.	2	2
Customer service is NOT in his wheelhouse	2	2
The person at the counter didn't talk to me so I can't comment on service.	2	2
Service was not exceptional or special in my opinion.	2	2
Now I find the service is a bit of a mixed bag really.	2	2
 Had to call T-Mobile customer service a few times as well.	2	2
My only experience with this new service included an elderly couple delivering.	2	2
That was customer service strike two.	2	2
For customer service, all the sales associate seem really eager to help..	2	2
Nonexistent customer service.	2	2
Customer service - non existent.	2	2
There are a few other services that are not included at this location.	2	2
Customer service can take FOREVER some days though.	2	2
 Does not seem to be the same level of customer service, and attention to detail.	2	2
Their customer service is hit or miss.	2	2
You'll get more customer service from a computer screen.	2	2
Great selection of product, but you have to know what you're looking for as the customer service is mediocre at best.	2	2
Within 10 minutes of that, I had service on my phablet.	2	2
C'mon: this is a customer service job, and a front line representation of a company's brand.	2	2
Customer service is important.	2	2
The overall service at this place is not bad.	2	2
Customer service is average at best if you ask for some help.	2	2
This is basically a full service pharmacy.	2	2
I didn't have any issues with customer service as others have reported.	2	2
Like all department store this place has lots of areas where it can improve service and product selection.	2	2
 Since I did get service from them I did not request a full refund of my money, but we did come to an agreement that was fair.	2	2
Overall, I say that the need for me to go to this store is limited, the service was average, the selection for mobile was great, however, not enticing enough to make me want to come back.	2	2
The service was ok, no complaints.	2	2
 His service standards are truely special.	2	2
Customer service means serving the customer and if I go off on some old frame lady, well, that goes with the territory.	2	2
 It was also not same day service but it was available for pickup the following morning.	2	2
 The selection was simply *alright* and the service was nothing to write home about.	2	2
 As the service is the same no matter what Cell Phone company you are with.	2	2
 The customer service was average.	2	2
 3 star for service	2	2
 See how customer service can make or break your day?	2	2
 My 3 stars go to the kind people at the register and customer service counter.	2	2
 I can't give them any more than a 3, due to the service of the RO (whatever that stands for).	2	2
The customer service is similar to StarBucks, overbearing.	2	2
 I was at a heavy Hors d'Oeuvres service catered by An Affair To Remember.	2	2
 Customer service here is hit or miss.	2	2
 The customer service is not bad.	2	2
 service is a hit or a miss   	2	2
 Maybe that's how it works here? I don't expect the same level of service at an outlet location as I would at a regular retail store, but no dressing room service? Okay.	2	2
 Other than that, they had the same service that I got the last time I was there.	2	2
 3 stars for friendly service and the awesome high quality stainless steel drip tip I got for only $8.	2	2
 They agree that customer service in vital in business and the proper train is key to there success.	2	2
  There is even a Canada Post at this location, but the post office service here is just very so so.	2	2
Also, their customer service line did call me back ...	2	2
The service charge was $25.	2	2
i wouldnt go there for the service though.	2	2
But this doesn't affect the quality of the service provided.	2	2
Customer service is NOT in his wheelhouse	2	2
 Had to call T-Mobile customer service a few times as well.	2	2
That was customer service strike two.	2	2
Customer service - non existent.	2	2
Customer service can take FOREVER some days though.	2	2
Their customer service is hit or miss.	2	2
You'll get more customer service from a computer screen.	2	2
On the ground floor of each building, they do have several quick service places that are open to the public.	2	2
So, customer service isn't their thing much anymore! But that rotisserie chicken? IT IS THE BOMB DIGGITY!	2	2
They should have this staffed with at least 2 employees since they also work the copy\/printing service center.	2	2
This is a rather busy location so at times the staff is a bit preoccupied when it comes to customer service and is often found calling for assistance to the tills.	2	2
Within 10 minutes of that, I had service on my phablet.	2	2
 Everything tends to be in stock but the lack of customer service agents on the floor and its location in Toronto don't make it a location I tend to frequent a lot.	2	2
They did tell us where we could find it but that was about it when it came to customer service at this chain.	2	2
Personnel courtois, service rapide	2	2
There is valet service parking here.	2	2
The service manager is very prompt with her email responses and good at following up.	2	2
No customer service there.	2	2
And all this from several states away! Never had to speak with a customer service representative, and from the pictures my dad sent me, the bouquet looked fresh, well-arranged, and as-advertised.	2	2
My call was answered promptly by a female customer service representative who said I could come in to browse and shop.	2	2
Customer service needs to be a priority for management and training.	2	2
Does anyone know why every time there is a power outage in the Tapatio area where we live, T-Mobile's data service goes out.	2	2
I think customer service is what defines the success of an establishment and would say their workers just come in for a pay check, none of them with flare or that went out of their way to help me.	2	2
I found what I needed and got out, but I can't really speak to the customer service in this little review.	2	2
Customer service needs to be happy they have a job.	2	2
For a local business - good customer service is key.	2	2
Over the years, I've collected several hard drive from older computers that were deposed of and they provide a disposal service for a fee.	2	2
This is basically a full service pharmacy.	2	2
very odd service and honestly i was there before 2-3 others and the girl flat out ignored me and took the other girls orders and than after they got their smoothies mine finally comes out.	2	2
The service on the first visit was nonexistent.	2	2
 His service standards are truely special.	2	2
The same service person was there and wrote up my estimate...	2	2
A service that could have easily cost me $200.00  at the hospital was just $39.00 I repeat $39.00 for a physical.	2	2
  He was very helpful, explained how warranties & service agreement work.	2	2
 Other staff could stand to undergo a bit of customer service training but all in all, shopping here is a good experience.	2	2
 Being in the customer service industry, I was surprised at how everyone was talking to each other.	2	2
 On to the next service for me.	2	2
  BUT you do NOT come here for the service - let me tell you, if you think you're going to walk in there and be treated with the basics like.	2	2
I've noticed now that they have expanded their service to include web shopping right off their website.	2	2
 Customer service tends to be a bit uneven.	2	2
Bewildering customer service experience.	2	2
  Depends on the person, it seems like they're not held to any service standard.	2	2
 I ended up going to customer service who called someone.	2	2
Customer service is lacking.	2	2
Basically no service in this store, no one came to greet me or offer helps.	2	2
   The price of One  hour service is built into the cost of the glasses, that is what you are paying for.	2	2
  We then got another bill at the end of July from T-mobile saying we still had service with them .	2	2
Customer service was nonexistent.	2	2
  Some of their staff at Sq One are friendly but could use some training in customer service for retail.	2	2
 Thats how it should always be at the customer service desk.	2	2
 I made an appointment in advance, to ensure I would get full service since I'm taking off time to be there.	2	2
 The service is non-existent so you should know your product beforehand.	2	2
  It appears customer service is nonexistent.	2	2
 You will actually get service here unlike I'm Lowes.	2	2
 Poor customer service from management! I have shopped at this store for 10 years.	2	2
They do other massages, but I didn't look at their service menu in great detail.	2	2
 We didn't end up going with this vender after the consultation so I don't know how their service would have been.	2	2
  It's a solid bag and will service me for years and years I imagine	2	2
Tammy is very community minded and sponsors a lot of service activities at her personal expense.	2	2
Even if the final, final answer is no, please follow up w\/ your potential customers - when service is such a huge part of the overall shopping experience, have to say we've seen better	2	2
I have never had issues with this store- customer service or anything else.	2	2
Your customer service needs work.	2	2
 I'll find a lot of things and receive great customer service or not find anything and receive mediocre service.	2	2
 About 5 days passed and I didn't get any email updates or anything so I decided to call the customer service number, which I hate doing.	2	2
  I emailed the main customer service address on the Crabtree and Evelyn website and explained my situation to them.	2	2
 I emailed customer service to inquire on the status of my order.	2	2
Customer service is not their thing here.	2	2
  I walked out happier than when i walked in and it was purely based on service received; not the cut price package of Pirate cookies that made it into my basket.	2	2
 This review is based on our service from Edward who also goes by Dean.	2	2
 They need to work on customer service and scheduling.	2	2
Early July came along and I received a call from customer service to say that although the chandeliers had in fact arrived in Vancouver, they \"had not yet got onto the train\".	2	2
The customer service protocol needs to be readdressed\/re-trained with the manager and the rest of the girls working here.	2	2
Not a walk in service - referral from doctor - custom compression garments and swelling management - they are good at their jobs.	2	2
I did not actually end up purchasing anything from Marlene but did have a customer service experience I wanted to recount.	2	2
  I did not have a prescription filled so I can not attest to the service you receiver here.	2	2
 I have worked in sales before and know that customer service can make or break a sale.	2	2
 They take customer service seriously.	2	2
  I went up to the customer service desk where they do the returns and the woman there informed me that online order pick-ups are done in the back of the store at the framing counter.	2	2
 Yay!  Footsteps, you need to take a step back and think more about your customer service and the demand for the stock in your store.	2	2
 I was greeted promptly by one service rep who, after listening to my problem, brought me to the service tech at the back of the store.	2	2
  I was looking for an engagement ring and had some very good options online, but I am willing to pay a little more for good costumer service and to shop locally.	2	2
After speaking to customer service and airing out all my concerns, I an confident that Nationwide Vision Center very concerned about treating the customers with great respect.	2	2
  I have had issues returning goods here and find the customer service hit and miss.	2	2
 Especially when it comes to computer service and customer service.	2	2
 The sales and service team just needs to be more understanding of the consumer's needs.	2	2
 I went in and waited at the customer service while one person was helping an elderly lady and two other employees were just walking around in the area.	2	2
$60 for a service call.	2	2
 Customer service member (Gary?) offered me a $25 membership for a year.	2	2
  More than 2 weeks later, I called their customer service line for an update since I have not heard from them at all.	2	2
Personal service does not replace a unrealistic return policy which has been in place since the 90s.	2	2
  The customer service people there have been told they just need be professional but if I see that you are not treating an employee at the store properly - I will tell you (I can't get fired)	2	2
 Overall, they need to work on customer service and not being rude to people checking out.	2	2
When they have promotions like giving away a free card that requires customers to go to the customer service desk, they should have another employee working there to avoid hectic long lineups at the desk.	2	2
 So I called customer service and finally got through after holding for about 25 minutes and it was confirmed that the Wisconsin State Journal no longer has a delivery-only service.	2	2
 Then I was sent to place the order on 4colorprint, which had a different price for my order.	1	2
We agreed to the price and, once again, the techs did a fine job installing the system.	1	2
We agreed to the price and, once again, the techs did a fine job installing the system.	1	2
 Sure enough, someone bid against me one time, just to bump the price up.	1	2
Anytime I find something purple and the price is right, I will buy it whether I need it or not and find a use for it later.	1	2
I will definitely be returning with future orders as the price was definitely right.	1	2
And, the price was within the range quoted to me over the phone.	1	2
However for a deep clean, and the price of the clean, I expected more, not to mention the front door was left ajar when we arrived.	1	2
after spending $85,000 on a used cruiser, and not haggling over the price one bit.	1	2
didn't argue about the price they gave for my trade.	1	2
 should have argued about the price a bit.	1	2
  my rug is now soft and beautifully clean, with no chemicals!  they really did a wonderful job!  the price was just what they quoted me and totally, totally worth it.	1	2
peter did his best to find the same quality and price that we planned our budget on.	1	2
As the Director of a private English  language school in New York with four locations,( New York Language Center) many price variations, an ecommerce platform and a worldwide marketing strategy.	1	2
 The staff were all very courteous, and the price quoted was exactly what we were charged.	1	2
 Skeptical of the whole ordeal I had a friend call the establishment 20mins after I left to price out what it would cost him to rent the same days and the same equipment.	1	2
JUST AN FYI: I did pay full price for everything and received no special treatment at Patrick's Signs.	1	2
 Then they would come back and it would be triple the price of a normal job because they ship it over seas.	1	2
 Brian discussed all options and outcomes with me and assured me I had nothing to worry about, and was even able to work with me on price a bit.	1	2
I highly recommend Jason and The Maid Crusade!  He did everything he promised at the price he quoted for my move out cleaning.	1	2
  It is worth the price tag to actually meet.	1	2
  I was already planning on getting price quotes from a few places.	1	2
 She gave us a price & when we were ready to go a few weeks later we emailed and she had no clue what we were talking about.	1	2
   Rep said that website price doesn't include \"printing fee\" and some other fee.	1	2
They showed up on-time, were very professional - charged me the price they quoted and did a FANTASTIC JOB.	1	2
  Their site listed the bottle I was considering as a price of $3.	1	2
Be aware, there is no set price to join.	1	2
 \" is not correct, nor is the price he quoted me on the phone twice.	1	2
 Do yourself a favor and shop around!!! This company is either trying to purposely scam you, has no idea how to price items or trying to take advantage of its customers.	1	2
The carpet tech, Joey, gave me a price to clean my stairs and hall and I agreed to get them cleaned.	1	2
  I chose to fix my set after talking to Dan, getting his quote and a price he worked out with my budget.	1	2
 He sent his son and we agreed on a price and he wrote me an agreement for $700.	1	2
 The guy there was very friendly, and they immediately tell you the price (which ranges from 35-65).	1	2
 After a quick price negotiation, we agreed and he said his crew would appear in 20 minutes.	1	2
  He asked me to take a picture of my Trees and he would text a price and if agreeable, he would be there in an hour to do it.	1	2
  I agreed on the price and Jose and his crew came out and did a beautiful jobs skinning my 4 palm trees.	1	2
  Quoted me a price based on the photo.	1	2
  The price is asking 70$ plus tax,  and have to wait three days to pickup.	1	2
 She told me exactly what to bring, the exact price and payment forms.	1	2
 I got a gentlemen on the line who tells me he can't tell me anything because he doesn't know what the price is but continues to tell me what needed to be replaced.	1	2
\" And at what price is this for I wonder.	1	2
 We decided to go with Pioneer TV not only for there knowledge but there price and extended warranty they give to back up there work and product.	1	2
 I had to pay full price for something that's not right.	1	2
 After agreeing to the price I was asked if I wanted the work done then.	1	2
 She also tried to change the price once she saw my apartment was in a nice area.	1	2
 They they randomly decide they are not going to respect the offer and cancel it and make me pay full price for the gigabit internet which is $100\/month.	1	2
  The total price was $300.	1	2
  The price structures for memberships were explained and a great discussion was had.	1	2
Paid full price for this service in June of 2016 and received 2 incompatible matches.	1	2
Kiran, Biman and team helped us aggressive negotiate in buying our new home at a reasonable price and also rent our current home.	1	2
 She had no option of purchasing it at full price upfront.	1	2
  I have always had my jobs done on time and for the price quoted.	1	2
 They give us a price and we said go ahead with the job.	1	2
I decided to call Comwave for a price for intrrnet etc.	1	2
Ok fine, tack it on, but DHL???  The only time my company uses DHL is for overseas shipping....Low and behold, when I finally get my tracking number, it's shipping from Guangzhou China...Not in Henerson Nevada which I believed it would be coming from with a $300+ price tag.	1	2
I should've known better and just paid full price to get it done.	1	2
  I thought the price was outrageous so I cancelled the appointment and bought Willmaker Software from Quicken for $50 and after less than 3 hours we now each have a Will that even includes trustee(s), gifts to children and charity, guardianship of our Pet as well as Power of Attorney documents all notarized for an extra $20.	1	2
 I called and agreed to a price with the owner Jose.	1	2
 He texted me a price to cut and take branch to trash with them when done.	1	2
 When they arrive, they told my wife price was only to cut branch and leave it at our curb side for bulk trash pickup, which was probably not for another month or 2!  That was not an option.	1	2
The price for fingerprinting was $10, they accepted my credit card and needed to see my drivers license to confirm my identity for the fingerprints.	1	2
After declining those services, they changed the price to $10.	1	2
When we called them out on it, their story changed to we buy them in the beginning of the season for $79 + HST and we are not responsible if the price drop.	1	2
However, I found it out that the person did not know the price and he had to reference they flyer that I brought in.	1	2
We went on a half price Saturday.	1	2
\"The IRS see's that you sold it and since you didnt file they dont know what you paid, hence they dont know the profit or loss on the deal.\"	1	2
They filed for you ( known as an SFR, subsitute for return) and without the purchase price I paid they want the taxes on ALL the money I sold it for.	1	2
I told him I had a reduced price upgrade offer and wanted to pay for the phone.	1	2
price these sell.	1	2
The entire price of my visit\/filing was about $100.	1	2
Items selection +++, price +++ (99 cent duh!), customer service ---- guess you get what you pay for, shift manager Jennie can use some customer service skills.	1	2
The Sales person took his time and explained the various features of the machines that were in my price range.	1	2
I contacted the auction and was told they would be willing to sell it for a reasonable price that we both agreed upon.	1	2
Idk what more I expected for the price of the Groupon...	1	2
I selected a bag that met our style and price (they have dozens of options) submitted the image and received a quote for the order.	1	2
At the price per bag it wasn't a huge deal so in essence this is a 4.5 star outta 5.	1	2
The price was not what I was told it would be.	1	2
 After some thought and price comparison, I decided to select Movers of the Valley and have no regrets.	1	2
  Mid-way through our contract, we got hit with a \"company-wide increase.\"   What's the point of a rate lock?   When I called to question this, the customer service gal Cindy told me that I can either cancel my contract for $539 or she would give me another \"rate lock\" at the increased price and extend my contract an extra year 23 months.	1	2
After two months of \"the run around\" this jerk Angela told me if I wanted a good hat at a fair price I should visit \"lids\" at superstition springs mall.	1	2
 I would recommend him for a General will, but if it gets seriously technical, expect the price to go up if a third attorney has to be brought into the situation.	1	2
He is a nice person, but aren't they all when you first start doing business with them? If you need to change the executor of your estate, he'll charge you the same price to make a name change, so you'll be paying for a new will.	1	2
And, the price was within the range quoted to me over the phone.	1	2
I have been using them for quick business cards because they're about the same price as Vistaprint, except I can pick them up locally within a day or two of ordering.	1	2
I stumbled upon this chapel online then when I saw the pictures and the price I was sold.	1	2
I have to revise my posting.after complaining about the 2 1\/2 months of waiting they came right out and finished the apologized profusely and offered other services at a reduced price for the problem.thanks Yelp	1	2
 The prices listed are ONLY for the program and the price does not cover expenses, travel, hotel accommodations & park tickets.	1	2
When you call customer service it takes about 25 minutes to get the \"computer\" to connect you with a \"real person\" in customer service, then you have.	2	2
There customer service is on the bottom of the barrel.	2	2
He explained the service and what he needed to do.	2	2
I would suggest to anyone who sign in for their service to clarify from the beginning the following aspects:	2	2
 I guess I just expect a little better quality service when spending over $2000 on a single job.	2	2
Any service I hire in behalf of a client or service I refer to a client, comes back as a reflection on me.	2	2
Before writing this I have given it some time for the company to come back to me and provide us a service of which they claim to provide but  as you will read they haven't....	2	2
 He also coordinated my conversation with Jesse for the cleaning service and it was very easy to schedule a time that I could receive the janitoral and carpet cleaning on the same day in succession.	2	2
 Fernando and his helper arrived as the cleaning service was wrapping up and they got to work.	2	2
Imagine a cleaning service that will come in and organize all your household things and clothes etc.	2	2
I will most definitely have 360 Precision Cleaning in to take care of many needs I may have for cleaning, maid service for a party, changing decor,	2	2
 Like clockwork I can count on the fact that my service will be down intermittently on the hour.	2	2
I called Creative for a tuneup since it had been a while since our last service and we have a very old system.	2	2
I called the company on a Monday to make an appointment they took my phone number and said they will call me right back and they never called back two days later I called to see what's going on his wife (the guy that fixes the sign) said oh sorry I met up with Juan at my restaurant and told me what needs to be done and the price, the next day I called to ask for their service Juan's wife says bring us the check and we will come after the weekend, plus everything that Juan told me he changed it and said he never said that.	2	2
Fast reliable and legit and try will help you as much as possible with your tax service needs.	2	2
 The guys are able to provide the service no matter the size of the property.	2	2
 Once I entered in my request, I got a text within minutes confirming the service and who would be assigned to work for me.	2	2
They have some beautiful people employed with wonderful customer service skills.	2	2
 I then spent over an hour  taking tests to figure out my customer service capabilities.	2	2
I was in a jam and had to set up a memorial service for someone very close to me.	2	2
Every year we have to spend an hour with their customer service department on billing issues.	2	2
 Moreover, when you call customer service (if \"Irish\" answers be prepared to repeat yourself several times) it seems like half do not speak or understand English very well and they simply toss your call from one department to another.	2	2
When I called customer service I talked to someone from India with an American name whose only advice was to call my bank to try to hurry the refund back to my card.	2	2
I will never ever give business to bell again because the Internet service I currently recieve is throttled nightly.	2	2
I never had maid service before and my house needed it really bad.	2	2
 Looks like we're not the only one to experience this service from them.	2	2
After speaking with Chris, the customer service manager, who was actually one of the technicians at our house for the first treatment, he said he would send a tech out to make sure that the carpet was drying properly.	2	2
When the tech arrived he stated that the original tech, his service manager, didn't do the job correctly and wanted to charge us $160 more for a new treatment!! He also explained that even if the cleaned just a throw rug, they still charge for THREE ROOMS!! 	2	2
The person goes to care.com and sells her service as a placement service that checks the applicants.	2	2
  Jase presented a wonderful thought provoking segment about positioning as a go to Expert and getting influencers in early adopters to talk about your product or service because it's remarkable.	2	2
You can tell customer service is a key value with this business.	2	2
Cancelling a service is the hardest task ever, the reps don't even leave notes in the accounts so you have to explain your problem over and over again.	2	2
We paid to have a landline for years because no one wanted to tell us that there's an option to have internet service without it.	2	2
I've also worked with with SilkCards' customer service professionals.	2	2
We were referred via a legal referral service and met with Jonathan McAllister.	2	2
The friend was a landscaper and the cleaner was recommending his service to me.	2	2
 After a 70 minute wait, I finally arrived at the service counter.	2	2
I contacted customer service and they told us it was delivered.	2	2
i am looking at a $2,279.75 bill for first month service and two phones.	2	2
Use their resume service with the package that included the resume, 2 rounds of revisions, LinkedIn assistance and also a cover letter and thank you letter template.	2	2
on time, professional and customer service focused!	2	2
We've even suggested this service to some of our friends that own businesses.	2	2
 I called Zerorez and spoke to a customer service person in Minnesota.	2	2
These guys are more concerned with telling you how much they hate Apple than providing any kind of service or answers to your questions.	2	2
Everything was handled by management and I am continuing my service with the company.	2	2
I call their customer service number.	2	2
I wholeheartedly recommend his service to you, if you want your computer to work call Tech Paramedics.	2	2
If I could give Jean stars for service they would like the sky.	2	2
 I got a hold of them and they got a service technician routed to me almost immediately.	2	2
I will be bringing my boat back to them for service in the future.	2	2
Set up service and had an appointment between 9:00 and 11:00.	2	2
I was told that I would get a $400 reward card for moving my services from Texas to North Carolina and keeping active service for 30 days.	2	2
Once again, Kenneth demonstrates what customer service should be.	2	2
I worked with Joe for 2 years to service my spa.	2	2
I called this place to get a service to unlock the keys out of my car.	2	2
Then we decided to test our system (manufacturer suggested) and found our patio door and garage service door labeling were switched.	2	2
So if an alarm occurred and our back patio door was breached the alarm would have indicated our garage service door.	2	2
Membership in Tradesource has been an excellent tool in my business since 2002 when I joined as a pool service provider.	2	2
I really, really, really wish I would have read reviews on here before I went to Madison Geeks for service and purchasing a new computer.	2	2
I started out booking quarterly cleanings, but now use their service more frequently, every two months.	2	2
need to mention David Edwards a customer service and web tech	2	2
I had them come out as a second opinion after a service by George Brazil.	2	2
They were able to schedule service for the next day.	2	2
With that in mind, their customer service is mediocre.	2	2
Edit: I chose Craig as my service provider.	2	2
They set me up for service the next day, & said they come back after 2 weeks to do a follow up for no extra charge.	2	2
Customer service isn't what it used to be but he still understands why it's important, especially when making such a big decision.	2	2
My computer was running faster than when it was new when I got it back! Would recommend their service to anyone and everyone with a computer problem	2	2
I left and the next day, the service guy from Roy Foss calls me and says that their mechanic, met with an accident with my car, while test driving.	2	2
I paid for the service and waited and waited.	2	2
so in September we wrote them an email to cancel our service and they still took money out of our credit card.	2	2
I had Pioneer TV service come out on a diagnostic TV repair.	2	2
After requesting to cancel their service and to purchase the domain name they bought on behalf of our company, they refused to turn over the Google My Business listing and submitted a deindex request to Google for my domain.	2	2
I call customer service and they tell me to give the cash to someone I trust, have them write me a personal check for the same amount and then mobile deposit it into my account to pay them.	2	2
I called to get a service for ants on 6\/3\/2014.	2	2
If I ever need this type of service again, I will be calling Hal again.	2	2
I have set up bi monthly service with them and look forward to a long relationship with this company!	2	2
When searching on Yelp for a palm tree trimming service I came across Gonzalez Tree & Palm Tree Trimming Service.	2	2
 All in all, they are the ONLY imaging service I now use in Las Vegas.	2	2
They said they could come out today, but when I told them I needed help with leave clean up and hedge trimming, and I was 71 years old I told Victoria, I got a text soon after that they don't service my area.	2	2
Spectrum customer service advised me to return my new, unopened iPhones to the retail location.	2	2
 After the first fiasco, I used a service to help in the search.	2	2
Delivery of service was emailed within minutes.	2	2
I tried their service because the introductory prices were very appealing, the service I received was a joke.	2	2
They start of saying we want to work with you and act like they need your service but they are trying to get your information to sell a service.	2	2
 14 people waiting and 2 people working the customer service counter at 5 pm on a weekday.	2	2
I hope to go too Ukraine later this year and i will use their service to meet hundreds of beautiful Ukrainian woman.	2	2
I will be the 1st homeowner to be lobbying for a new management company if this is the template for their service practices moving forward.	2	2
This company hires the service of a call centre to solicit business.	2	2
No one in Vegas was able to find my service online.	2	2
 I was dealing with two very ill disabled parents, a service dog, a huge house of antique items, and a very demanding career that wasn't happy that I was away for over a month.	2	2
I moved here from Atlanta Ga, on Jan.8, 2018, but months prior to that I was in search of a good tax service in Las Vegas that would provide me answers about my up coming move.	2	2
 I ordered internet service for my home a this location.	2	2
 I pay Verizon almost 3k a year, and this is the service level.	2	2
I tried 2 weeks in a row to get it into Myric the authorized repair service in Calgary.	2	2
 I used another process service before and they took my money and never served my papers.	2	2
I NEVER used race as a reason for the kind of service I received from his business.	2	2
and independent service company and for $69 would send a certified copy of a marriage license.	2	2
 I realized I didn't ask specific questions about the service offered and since I was married a week before at a Las Vegas chapel I thought it was follow up from the marriage license bureau.	2	2
I'm embarrassed to say that if customer service was moved overseas that it would be a vast improvement.	2	2
Despite a few bumps on the way, it was okay service and the price was right.	1	2
So I have to wonder, If I were to have payed full price and not purchased it via groupon, would I still have been shorted time? Either way I find it a poor business practice to offer a massage of any length and not give the full time stated.	1	2
 My only issue is that I had a procedure done and was quoted a price for the procedure.	1	2
This place nickels and dimes you for E V E R Y T H I N G! It would be one thing if they were doing this and billing insurance, but nope it's all out of pocket! I called ahead of time to get a price estimate for hormones which they did but they were off by hundreds of dollars! You can't get out of there without them charging you for something.	1	2
(They did price match by the way and everything was seamless there.)	1	2
My friend's physio therapist has definitely helped him regain his knee strength, but unless you have insurance coverage, the price for physio in my opinion, is too damn high!!	1	2
I was quoted a price for a new pair of glasses and lenses that were in the 50% area.	1	2
 So when I called to book a consultation I asked for a price range.	1	2
I called LASIK MD in Calgary and asked if this was really the best price they could offer me.	1	2
 When I asked why there was a charge for picking up the orthotics as it should of been included in the initial price quote.	1	2
 He was rushed yet polite and quoted me a price of nearly $13,000 for a revision rhinoplasty.	1	2
 in Beverly Hills) - I can get my flight and injectables for the same price lol.	1	2
  They couldn't even tell me the base price for a visit or anything.	1	2
 Obviously price varies depending on ur insurance but just wanted to give an idea.	1	2
 They told me the price was the same all over madison.	1	2
 First off, when I called for an appointment I confirmed with Gina the receptionist that they were in network and requested a price estimate after insurance.	1	2
Be aware of potential price gouging along with your long wait times!	1	2
 They don't want to quote you a price over phone, so that's  a big red flag right away.	1	2
   After they consulted with my insurance company, they quoted me a price and demanded payment prior to the procedure.	1	2
I wanted to know the price of permanent make up for lips so I called to ask but the guy was so rude to me .	1	2
 They are fine calculating price and helping you find a combination you can afford.	1	2
 The office visit was very reasonable considering how much time he spent with me (around 2 hours), and the supplements they carry were about the same price as I could find on Amazon.	1	2
 Plus, the price quoted for doing a complete mommy makeover, including liposuction with Dr.	1	2
  He had also told me that if the off the shelf ones didn't work for me he would apply the purchase price towards a set of customer ones.	1	2
  When I walked in I told the man at the front desk that I wasn't feeling well and asked if I could be seen today and asked what the price would be.	1	2
review_id : Bel-32lje0SpbG2BEpYgpA	1	2
 The person at the counter refused to match without proof of price from somewhere else.	1	2
 They totally bait you in at one price then change everything up.	1	2
 It seems Wendy's one and only job function is to write the price of surgery on a sticky note and hand it to the patients in her office.	1	2
\" This form has a price listing of the clinic's surgeries.	1	2
 Utley's office wanted $500 for the retail price of the orthodics from me.	1	2
 The current sale was 50% off frames and the sticker price on my pair was only $114.	1	2
I called to get a price quote a couple of weeks prior to my appointment.	1	2
 A price list is there for all to see.	1	2
Additionally, I was told they would not be able to call me with price options once they receive my prescription- I'd have to come back.	1	2
 Prior to my child's appointment I called and spoke with the front desk to figure out the price for our upcoming appointment.	1	2
 Following the appointment I was checking out, ready to make my payment where the front desk was thoroughly confused what injections were given and it took 4 associates to figure out the \"price\" after increasing the price by a hundred dollars (which I paid) they talk to the MA to find out the chart was not \"stamped\" and wrong vials were used.	1	2
 When I go into see my doctor for a yearly checkup he charges the same price no matter what I have going on and if I need a prescription he writes it free of charge.	1	2
 In my opinion, if like to know the price of cars before I test drive them.	1	2
 It took 40 min of me sitting in the waiting room for them to tell me I could pay $240 and use my insurance or pay their cash price of $120.	1	2
 His assistant came in too quickly and I asked if she had checked on the price and she stated she had not.	1	2
  Weird thing is they give you lense price sheets.	1	2
Note that if you have a high insurance price they also offer a lower cash payment so ask them about that.	1	2
 I received a cash pay price when I scheduled the procedure only to find out that was the wrong price and was given a new one when I was talking to billing, so honestly now I just feel like this is some kind of scam and something seems fishy.	1	2
She didn't they over charged me 1700.00 and the girl that did my face told me a complete different price then the front.	1	2
Oh, I should mention that his rates are within the normal price range, compared to some other naturopaths that have crazy prices.	1	2
they will get paid more because there is no negotiated price	1	2
 After they were taken over by Mountain View Hospital, the price of a simple x-ray, which previously had cost $47, skyrocketed by over 800%!  I am very fortunate to be covered by several health insurance plans.	1	2
*Title ten funds have been stopped by the government, so you must pay full price no sliding fee scale!* my visit full price for birth control pill consult (no exam) was $80 and well woman full price is about $245, again, this is just for general information.	1	2
Call them and check for deals also, they will match Groupon price for ya.	1	2
I still don't understand how their paperwork process works, but essentially they offer physicals and prescriptions, and the cost for your birth control is the lowest available - though the price isn't covered by insurance because they aren't actually a pharmacy.	1	2
 The one receptionist then said that they would give a discount because I normally use 1-800-contacts and they price match.	1	2
 My concern is that she sells a package to people that is extremely overpriced when you actually price out the components.	1	2
I had to call customer service yet again to confirm the order but the sales associate taking my order entered the incorrect prescription! This resulted in yet another phone call being made today.	2	2
I've always appreciated how friendly the service is from America's Best Contacts & Eyeglasses but after so many problems lately, I might have to consider a new eye care facility when ordering materials.	2	2
My suggestion would be update this location, train the office staff\/MAs, and keep the providers! I will write more comments about my relationship with the phone service later because I have both positive and negative comments.	2	2
Side note: She has worked at multiple other A.B.C & E.G.'s locations including the Rock Hill location where I initially experienced her service 3 yrs.	2	2
She ignored him and greeted an older gentleman behind us telling him that she could service him.	2	2
I paid over half the anticipated balance at the time of service expecting to be billed after insurance processed the claim towards our large yearly deductible.	2	2
I was able to have a Facebook chat with a staff member to discuss service available, as well as schedule my appointment.	2	2
Funny thing is, on 11\/17\/19 we received and had a chance to review the \"computer-generated\" (So much for it being IMPOSSIBLE to be emailed or printed) not-official statement and the discrepancy of $56.76 was for the service date on our first visit 4\/11\/19 but check the date on the Billing it says 11\/13\/19 and check the past due balances on 31-60 days, 61-90 days, and over 90 days.	2	2
Bloodwork was suggested but I ultimately decided to continue with my current service providers and seek a referral elsewhere.	2	2
The front desk is operated by her husband, who lacks any medical training or even basic customer service skills and yet is charged with vitals and chartwork.	2	2
 In general, the whole idea of customer service isn't on their radar.	2	2
Seriously, you are in customer service along with medical care.	2	2
* This review is for the optical service & office interior only.	2	2
Most major insurances are accepted and they will give you procedure codes you can tell you health insurance to see whether or not the service is covered or needs preauthorization.	2	2
If you want good service you will wait and if the waiting room is full,  then that should tell you something.	2	2
When I called the office at 3:30, their answering service answered and took message.	2	2
On our way out we gave everyone working there a \"thank you\" because let's face it, they are doing a service to the community by working late on the off days.	2	2
Usually service is very fast even if there is a line.	2	2
Customer service must not be in the training manual.	2	2
 I realize that the groupon is only a fraction of what the service normally runs.	2	2
-It took 3 calls in 2 hours to after-hours-emergency to the doctors answer service before she finally returned my call regard an emergency allergy to medication.	2	2
The medical service was not exceptional.	2	2
On the 4th try I requested the automated service to call me when someone is available.	2	2
They're on every street corner from here to Canada to Mexico in North America just selling a service tgat they all can do.	2	2
Stopped services in 2014, getting new bills after paying for same service date!!! 	2	2
She gets a zero stars poor customer service I had a 11am appointment I arrived 45 min early for paper work only to wait three hours in a small over packed waiting room.	2	2
 But a clinic visit is mostly about the service you receive with the doctor.	2	2
Keith Chambers provides a hands on medical service catering to his patients.	2	2
I expected the kind of service and setting as any manicure and pedicure place.	2	2
Customer service and satisfaction isn't even a thought.	2	2
Customer service is what drives loyalty, repeat customers and more sales.	2	2
Men's Vitality Center is a full service men's health care provider.	2	2
 But as customer service goes, the team gets an A from me.	2	2
This is the service you get when you are on ACCESS	2	2
It seems service to the patient is actually a priority in their office!	2	2
This ideology doesn't translate as well to an American fee per service model but as long as you are upfront about your finances something can be worked out.	2	2
I have received outstanding service and hearing aids from Dr.	2	2
The service was for 1 hour.	2	2
I paid at the time of service everytime I have been to this facility and then I get a call from a collection agency about some 6 month old bills that they never even submitted to my insurance.	2	2
I waited 20-30 minutes with all lip service from the nurse and receptionist and left.	2	2
There is no way to contact the office directly and the answering service advises you to make an appointment for every single question, no matter how mundane.	2	2
Additionally, I stopped by the full service optical store (on the first floor) to ask the staff to adjust my frames.	2	2
I don't think it was even legit but I can't even remember because it was a service that supposedly took place 1 year ago.	2	2
They are truly women at the service of other women!	2	2
The actual term should be 12% service charge.	2	2
The doctor's service is mediocre.	2	2
My service was done May of 2018 and here I am in February of 2019 still dealing with something I want to forget and move on from.	2	2
Two stars because service was rendered and knowledge was gained but not in a pleasant exchange.	2	2
 Although, I would incur no added expense personally, the service is not free.).	2	2
Such a simple service totally cost me around $300 with insurance.	2	2
Staff's customer service is iffy.	2	2
Went there today and they've raised their price 40% to 7 bucks.	1	2
I think they should include a bath in the price as I had seen some other kennels advertise because they smelled very bad when I picked them up, which is typical when boarding.	1	2
*re: scenario above, I told them I didn't want a knockoff, I wanted the real Furminator, and they told me the price turned people off, and they preferred the 'like' item instead.	1	2
I also received an estimate right up front, that explained the price range.	1	2
They will match any price of the bigger shops and they offer maintenance.	1	2
For that price I could pay two full\/complete bath and check ups.	1	2
  I like the varied levels of accomodation that are offered at different price points.	1	2
  Again, this place is truly stunning & the young girl that helped me get a price check (most items on the shelf did not have a price) was very polite.	1	2
Don't they know about poop karma?!!  It is a proven fact that if one does not pick up after his\/her animal that they WILL eventually pay the price and step in a much-deserved pile themselves.	1	2
 Honor the price you give a customer, which they didn't.	1	2
 I price checked last year.	1	2
I've seen this store several times but have never ventured in because I frequent another pet store, however, on this particular day I decided to wander in to do a price comparison.	1	2
The price was not too competitive before, but hopefully that will change with the new owner.	1	2
We spotted a litter scoop at Target for 1\/4 the price they were selling it here.	1	2
 I have heard McLean's clinic are close in price and Rexdale animal clinic came highly highly recommended but too far from me.	1	2
(And I suspect that the owners would be furious if they knew this.) However, there are charges where nothing can be done, like the price for urinalysis for the external lab, or prescriptions.	1	2
But in my opinion, they have an excellent stock representing all price points and feeding philosophies.	1	2
Cages do have a price 	1	2
 Even though the drive to Auburn Bay is across the city for me, you can't put a price or distance on the care your pet receives.	1	2
 Called ahead of time to book an appointment for a nail trim and owner quoted me a price on the phone.	1	2
 I found that they are exactly the same price as going to a higher class facility with educated technicians, doctors and functioning medical equipment.	1	2
 No one knows so they charge me full price $65.	1	2
 I called to find out the price and they told me for my size dog it would be about $25 and with the coupon $12.	1	2
 I simply needed a price of something in which had to tag or barcode.	1	2
 I have a little 5 pound Yorkie Terrier, and was quoted the price of $60.	1	2
" So the selling began antibiotics this, liquids that, rechecks this, sign this price breakdown.	1	2
 She said she could not give me a price as the doctor would have to see the cat to determine what type of sedation the cat would need.	1	2
 When I asked, \"How much?\", he had to hunt for a price (the sticker was unreadable) and finally quoted me a price.	1	2
 When the results came back positive, he gave us 3 treatment options with various price points.	1	2
 I am shown a fair price every time and they only do exactly what is needed.	1	2
 What is rate going to be when my bulldog is 10 years old? the price of a new bulldog a year? 	1	2
 but you can't put a price on your furry loved ones health.	1	2
 As of yesterday, they are still unable to give me a price as there are \"still waiting on pricing from corporate\".	1	2
 I looked up the price of the pills on 1800 pet meds it was about $45 in pills so it cost me $75 to mention my dog had diarrhea no examination no nothing.	1	2
  Final price was in line with the initial quote.	1	2
 He told me he would fix it and include it in the price of spaying her.	1	2
   He has an exceptionally large amount of coat and his price was $60.	1	2
 Harris are top notch!  They do not price gouge and only perform the necessary procedures.	1	2
 over the phone their price was $56.	1	2
 They will weight and check overall health of pet for the price of a 15-20$ flea drop that they will apply for you.	1	2
  He probed her to check her sex, gave me a bunch of frozen mice, knocked $10 off of her price \"Just because\", and was all around fabulous!!  	1	2
 No mention at all of a price for anything, nor any options.	1	2
  The dog is fixed by them, and the adoption price includes a microchipped dog.	1	2
 If you have anymore questions after researching on yelp call them, they will answer any questions about price or otherwise and then make your decision.	1	2
 For instance, I ran in there just now to pick up some styptic powder and compared the price with Amazon.	1	2
 They also sell urns for all price ranges.	1	2
 They apologized for the \"confusion,\" but never offered to honor the price quoted to me.	1	2
  for price on x-ray for our dogs hip.	1	2
  That is thanks to the staff at The Pooch Pitt and you can't put a price on that.	1	2
The doctor did not simply tell me what he was going to do, but he discussed the options with me and let me decide on the care that my dog received based on price and desired level of care.	1	2
It was clean, the staff was friendly, and our puppy was so happy and tired out from playing when we picked him up - he slept like an angel that night! The only reason I wouldn't give Chasin' Tails 5 stars is because we also had our puppy groomed while he was there and it wasn't very well done - but the price for grooming is very reasonable! I will definitely be taking our dog back in the future!	1	2
I did make a comment about the difference in the price but the quote was from another groomer who hadn't seen my boy & he was pretty shaggy.	1	2
The price I paid was very reasonable & when I come back to Calgary I will definitely take him back there if he needs a cut.	1	2
This really took a hit economically for us and when we finally found out what my dog had (a very easily treated condition common in his breed) we couldn't believe that we spent 1000$ and the vet couldn't tell us that! The vet also recommended Hills science diet dog food which we switched to for a hefty price and later found out was full of grain and my dog's breed would be prone to yeast infections if he continue eating it.	1	2
 The price on the rack said $8.	1	2
 I checked and made sure the brand tag on the harness and the price tag was the same and it was, Kong.	1	2
 I thought that they had to sell items at the price they were marked????  Still not a bad price and its a sturdy durable harness but not happy with the experience!	1	2
They carry all the best food, treats, and supplies! The only reason for not a 5 star is the price - Pretty decent but I have gotten the same treats and food for a bit cheaper back home in Toronto - Unless prices here are inflated in Calgary, I wouldn't know.	1	2
 But, I could really kick myself now for paying full price for a job half done, and my cat now looks crazy!!	1	2
 Don't like paying full price for another appointment because the medication they prescribed didn't work.	1	2
If you're not going to label your items with price tags then the employees need to know the prices of items better.	1	2
I have not heard of the other doctors which they mentioned but I am sure that they exist as doctors frequently have products named after them but I would expect to find their products available either through retail outlets or other veterinarians rather than being sold at a premium price exclusively from the vet himself.	1	2
However, I think that's normal in the vet and medical world, and you can't put a price on your pets health.	1	2
 It's simple I just want the price you displayed.	1	2
I found a place where I can order Acana Grasslands at a competitive price - actually about a dollar less than what they were selling it for - with free shipping, so long as I order two bags.	1	2
Shohal and his team instead did not put my cat to sleep, but held her down using a special technique and changed the bandages for a fraction of the previous price I was paying.	1	2
Cat was weighed and given a shot, price seemed reasonable considering the circumstances and I was able to get a copy of the vet records for my landlord at no charge.	1	2
 I was able to use the transport service and the vaccations, and the neuter service My out the door price was $150.	1	2
They also say they won't raise the price due to claims or your pets age.	1	2
I noted that the average price of a dog was about $500.	1	2
The exam alone was $54 and then he had 2 antibiotics, guess that's the price for good vet care tho.	1	2
Although the owner does not stock our food she sweetly offered to find out how much it would be for her to order it and if that would be in my price range.	1	2
From there we talk about the price and treatment.	1	2
 I was told the same price that I'd been paying for my two.	1	2
But back to the price thing and me being a cheapskate.	1	2
 They have a great price and wellness package that I got that covered everything my cat need plus her shots when she needs them.	1	2
Every other place in our price range was booked up weeks in advance and this was the only kennel with openings.	1	2
I got Bailee some bone chewie the price are reasonable.	1	2
I would pay the full price to have him stay at my vet and stay overnight under a vets care.	1	2
Took my dog for a shave only and one of the two groomers told me a price of 25$ for a shave only for a small dog then the other \"groomer\" chimed in and said it is 50$ for the complete grooming .	1	2
He said the price online was the same and I prefer to keep my purchases local and support small businesses.	1	2
 The price was $500.	1	2
As for the price the basic office visit was $52.	1	2
but nearly every item in the store is 2-3x the price you'll pay elsewhere.	1	2
I go there to buy my pet food since a 40lb bag is the same price as a 15lb bag of blue buffalo at pet valu, and the products used in it are all free range.	1	2
 I offered to pay the full price at the time of order so when it arrived I could just pick it up and be on my way but was told I could only pay for half at that time and would need to pay the other half later.	1	2
 For a non-geriatric dog dental is not the cheapest in the area ($191 + antibiotics) but the $35 wellness \/ $45 injury price for an office visit is after the discount.	1	2
The benefit here however, is the service that you will get, which you won't find for the same price somewhere else.	1	2
 I just realized upon writing this review that they charged me the \"large dog\" price for my 40lb dog, who is usually classified as medium.	1	2
 The price at this local business is comparable to other big name chain groomers.	1	2
I'll drive another 2 more miles to The Stock Shop where it's nice and cool temperature wise, folks are always happy to have your business and items have a price sticker on them.	1	2
They offer wellness plans that give you extras for about the same price as a dental cleaning.	1	2
I want someone to take care of my dogs like I do, and I get that with the ladies at The Pet Stop- and they're pretty reasonable on price and timing.	1	2
 As I was walking to the til I noticed they carry my dog food, so I asked what the price was for the kind I get.	1	2
Diane was very friendly on the phone and explained the dental price structure well (tiered by weight and tarter) with the price range for my pack (small \/ med and large) being $151 to $177.	1	2
She offered up the price of vaccines and they were the same as Banfield so we may go to a walk-in for less expensive vaccines and here for dental.	1	2
 For a price of 5 dollars (when you prepay), you can use their sink and soap to wash a dog.	1	2
The full service car wash.	2	2
They don't offer full service but can refer out .	2	2
The company works on their customer service to try and explain why they do what they do.	2	2
They will further look into how they can improve their customer service with the entire staff so this will not happen to another customer.	2	2
I was told by Embrace customer service that age is a factor for premium increase.	2	2
Took my girls there today, and am not nearly as impressed with the service at Arrowhead as compared to Litchfield.	2	2
Wash them furbabies, and you good to go! I did ask for a furminator service to remove as much shedding as possible.	2	2
I would have liked to give the service a try but there are other options available.	2	2
2- you can also view your pooch's day via webcam (a great service IMO).	2	2
How the caring and service has changed since it has changed ownership.	2	2
 I called at 12:45pm only to get the answering service and find out the practice is closed.	2	2
 Wtf?  I had the answering service page the doctor on call to find out if they could find out for me, and lo and behold it was Dr Sarah.	2	2
 She literally had the balls to tell the answering service to tell me, \"Tell her to call back on Monday.\"  Are you kidding me?  You tell a cat's owner, whose cat just came off a life-threatening situation, to wait 2 days to get urgently needed kidney results?\"  I called the VCA emergency vet who handled my cat, and they said not to wait until Monday to get results (I agreed).	2	2
 No matter which service I was using, I would get the email updates that they are still waiting for the vet to approve the order(s).	2	2
 I told her about my bad experience the next weekend and she admitted to me service was off because sales were not normal.	2	2
Anyway, an hour later the groomer returned my dog and stated that the amount was now $10 more than I paid last time for the same service (4 weeks prior).	2	2
Since I have started with the company the service has been up and down.	2	2
 I am now working customer service in the hospitality industry.	2	2
I have lived in the area for years and seen this store go through ups and downs in terms of customer service and product availability.	2	2
I trusted that I would receive the same service in his Yelp reviews.	2	2
 Offer self pet cleaning service .	2	2
Requested 1 time service over the phone.	2	2
 Received multiple notices of service via text message.	2	2
 I think I'll take her in for the half-day playtime service so she can get some socialization and a change of scenery.	2	2
I am very thankful to have LA Pet Grooming in my neighborhood as they always provide excellent service and my little Cavalier Spaniel LOVES going there.	2	2
 I recommend you give her an opportunity to service your puppy.	2	2
" This is not a review of the service because we never got to that.	2	2
 Just a review of customer service I was provided.	2	2
Chris takes the time to hear about Brie (my goldendoodle) and what kind of grooming service I would like every time we come in.	2	2
 A bargain in my book! I wish I had known about this service years ago! Gina even accommodated me by coming in on a non scheduled day to get Cassie's shedding under control before we had to leave to visit family in California.	2	2
 The difference is that i moved on and found service that suited my needs.	2	2
 Was suppose to get a call from the pharmacy, on the day of service no call from the Pharmacy.	2	2
I used Barbie's pet setting service when I was out of town during Thanksgiving for my two kitties.	2	2
I trusted that I would receive the same service in his Yelp reviews.	2	2
 We adopted our Parker from the humane society at 13 weeks old and I spent days trying to find the right place to send him for training to become an authentic service dog to help my children.	2	2
Disclaimer: this review is not about the actual service they provide.	2	2
com for my pet supplies, they know what customer service is.	2	2
 No need to ask for customers service cuz it will take you no where .	2	2
I understand it's the holiday season, but customer service 101 is to respond to email and phone calls.	2	2
 My Ellie ( who is a service dog in training) is only nine months and she is always making me proud by how mild mannered and sweet she is.	2	2
 Prior to opening her salon with Julia, Brandy had a mobile service and would come to our house.	2	2
Barbies pet sitting came through in a pinch! Excellent customer service over the phone.	2	2
ZERO STARS!! This place advertises 24 hour service but we haven't received a call back in over 24 hours.	2	2
I had the opportunity to meet Austin with the Dog Knowledge and a service dog in training named Trusty.	2	2
I booked Bella's Pet Sitting service for a trip I had planned and was counting on using them to watch my three little dogs.	2	2
I got the service plan for my new puppy.	2	2
  The woman I spoke with to make the appointment was nice enough on the phone, told me the cost of each service and product, and scheduled me in.	2	2
Linda was referred to me by another groomer who doesn't service the area I just moved to, the north west side.	2	2
 You can tell that customer service is their focus.	2	2
  Love Mikes service and will continue to use him for as long as he's willing to walk our two babies.	2	2
you should service any customer as you don't know if they might be able to provide the perfect home for these dogs.	2	2
  I'm looking to pay a dog daycare service for 6 days a week for the next three months and I'm happy to take my business elsewhere.	2	2
 Ensure expectations on both ends are clearly defined before using this service if you do decide to move forward after reading my experience.	2	2
 Although she verbally agreed to refund me on the phone, she later emailed me a lengthy, lengthy email critiquing my original paperwork, which included different dates of service prior to my finalized dates and even pets I no longer had for her to care for.	2	2
 I brought my dog to use the self bathing service and they were closed.	2	2
 But trying always to \"never let them see you sweat,\" especially in a service driven industry and especially in one that is a concierge style service.	2	2
 As one more often the service provided than the one receiving the service (like a million to 1 times over!) I have had this drilled into me cradle to .	2	2
 in the first place! When he said there was nothing he could do about that, I then offered the solution of him refunding me 50% of my money so I could go get my dogs requested service of haircuts somewhere else then before we leave.	2	2
  But I'm assuming the reason he was in such a hurry and skipped part of the service that we thought we were going to be getting today is because he had to cancel my original appointment the day before because of personal reasons and then hurried and fit us in today (I appreciate his effort in trying to accommodate us due to canceling our initial appt.	2	2
  However, when I'm paying for a service, I expect that service to be done even if he was in a hurry because he fit us in today.	2	2
Prior to receiving my service I was speaking to the owner by email, Carolyn, about the cost, timelines, payment schedule ect.	2	2
 I thought, Great! So she sent Alex over to service my yard.	2	2
 It was really expensive and traumatizing to fly my cats here from Los Angeles and I certainly could not fly them back and forth over the holidays, so I was faced with finding a pet sitting service that was affordable and trust worthy.	2	2
Having never used a pet walking service before, I wasn't sure where to start.	2	2
  My dog deserves so much better than the service banfield (dr McCormick excluded) has given her.	2	2
I used this service while I was away for 8 days at Thanksgiving.	2	2
  You get such personalized service here.	2	2
Post is in regards to the service aspect to the store.	2	2
You're in the Customer service industry.	2	2
  My wife has seizures and needed a service dog to assist her.	2	2
 It's called customer service and that's your job, Julie.	2	2
 They have NEVER pushed any product or service on us.	2	2
They cannot retain skilled groomers, do not show any signs of empathy or customer service at all.	2	2
 If this is the promise of their service then why can't anyone tell me what happened.	2	2
  Not knowing anyone in the area, I was looking for a safe, reliable pet service and Sit.	2	2
 But he was politely informed by Jamie from customer service that they have a 4 week \"customer care policy\" and since we had the fish tank in our possession for 5 weeks they are \"unable to provide you with a refund, replacement, or store credit.	2	2
 The care and customer service do not equate to that kind of bill, I don't care how much you love your pet.	2	2
I was referred by another disabled vet to begin my service dog training here for my boy.	2	2
I just gave JJ's a call to see if she was in fact a mobile grooming service and if she would groom my dog.	2	2
" This store needs to understand how customer service works.	2	2
  You can ask your veterinarian which cremation service they use, most will work with you if you prefer a different one.	2	2
Having to put a beloved pet to sleep is never an easy choice, but if it's the right choice for the circumstances, I can't imagine a better service than what Dr.	2	2
  The answering service immediately transferred me to Jon.	2	2
 She came to our home, even though it was a little out of her service area, and made sure the girls were fed, walked, and played with.	2	2
It was somewhat of a last minute decision to handle Jasper's final arrangements ourselves, rather than using the service provided by our veterinarian.	2	2
 The 'hiring' process was easy, and all of the communication prior to the service was great! Hillary was the gal who we were paired with.	2	2
I've used Michael's Ruff Housing service for several years now for five dogs ranging from a 85# Golden Retriever to a 7 wk.	2	2
  We are well on our way to having a fully certified service dog and couldn't be happier.	2	2
  What is the most interesting to me is that one mobile service quoted me $120, so I know we received a bargain.	2	2
 I called the answering service at 8:30am on a Sunday morning and Charles called me with in 15 minutes.	2	2
  they even offer pick up and return service for an extra fee if you need that.	2	2
  At the end we will have a fully trained service dog.	2	2
  I read some reviews that his service is over $1,500.	2	2
 That's when Tom proceeded to ask if he could join?!?! At that time I cancelled my service and asked for a refund.	2	2
My family has taken all our animals here since my dad was a kid in the 60s! They do things the old fashion way which at times means that front desk service is slow.	2	2
  The subject service is not taking clients.	2	2
 They are both service animal trained and can walk calmly through busy places, lie  for hours under a restaurant table, and  \"heel\" while off leash.	2	2
We used the boarding service for our very anxious middle-aged pup and it was fantastic.	2	2
 They do a delivery service and do co-op deliveries around the valley but its only selected days a week - if your good at planning ahead then no problem there.	2	2
  You can ask your veterinarian which cremation service they use, most will work with you if you prefer a different one.	2	2
  I am fed up with the poor customer service at this location and felt they need a bit of a wake up call.	2	2
I always give places 2nd chances but if i get the same customer service as this last time I probably wouldn't spend my money there again.	2	2
What I liked about the experience was that the staff was friendly and the service was quick.	2	2
Usually their price is actually $450.00	1	2
Mina called by the end of the day to check on me, thank you! For the price I expected more professionalism and not just one more patient they needed to see to cash my check.	1	2
Said I could pay the cash price and file my own \"out of network\" insurance.	1	2
They had a special going on and I wasn't buying enough to qualify for it, so I told the girl I was fine with the price for what I was getting.	1	2
Also, the price doesn't include lenses and I'm not sure how much that costs, my lenses are pretty basic, no astigmatism or anything.....so I'm not sure how it ended up costing so much but in the end, I was sick of being there and just wanted to leave with a decision.	1	2
The doctor is a man of his craft, and CLEARLY is EXCEPTIONAL and AMAZING! I was told a price of $243 booking 2 weeks prior, 24hrs prior to appointment, and I think also in the email sent.	1	2
I was under the impression that I had paid the price for my legs to be hairless, which they definitely were not.	1	2
Nguyen, the office is super clean, and they price match contacts from 1800 contacts and will give you a free pair of sunglasses if you order your year supply of contacts there.	1	2
I mean, I had the intention of spending a certain price and didn't like it suddenly different.	1	2
 I've been here several times because of various deals but if I really wanted to pay full price and get the full indulgence of a spa trip I would choose somewhere else.	1	2
 I asked about the memberships and when I politely requested him to write down the price for me on his business card, he  sarcastically asked why I needed one number to be written down.	1	2
If you buy a package of 3 at Transformations (to be used whenever you want, including over the course of 3 years), the price is less than $1000, making it on par with Robertson.	1	2
Found what we were looking for regardless! Walmart isn't always the most convenient, but for the price sometimes you just can't argue with it.	1	2
 I do feel I have to warn you, make sure you know the price on any procedure before you agree to try it or you may be very surprised when you get the bill.	1	2
They will quote you a price and then say the insurance this and that.	1	2
I have to imagine there isn't a single price for one X-ray or ten.	1	2
I received a facial and for the price as a first time costumer it was $32 dollars, it was relaxing and enjoyable.	1	2
My main complaint is price tags missing from the shelves.	1	2
So it's unfortunate that the receptionist couldn't give me the correct price the first.	1	2
Normal price of the microdermabrasion is $100 and she specializes in solving bad skin diseases like cracked heels, acne etc.	1	2
Overall my experience here was okay, but won't go again until they put price tags on their frames.	1	2
I wish I had read these reviews...or at least did a price comparison.	1	2
Of course we paid it and we would probably do it again, but it seems like price gauging - demand vs supply and all.	1	2
My understanding was that I was securing a promo price until I got my treatment plan.	1	2
The price for the glasses were a little high, so I was debating between getting a new pair vs just replacing the glasses I had (to have bifocals now).	1	2
At the time of my booking, the lady who was booking us in mentioned that instead of purchasing another Groupon, to buy direct from the store and they would match the price I paid for the Groupon for another massage.	1	2
Lasik MD does have a Lowest price guarantee and will match + 100$ less your consult.	1	2
It is worth to note that I have dentail insurance so I don't care about costs or price quotes.	1	2
I'd say their price range is 1\/4 of the salons downtown.	1	2
They sell contacts and seem to price match with Clearly Contacts, but there's no pressure either way.	1	2
Initially i was completely satisfied, price payment plans staff.	1	2
From cleaning to fillings, the price I was quoted never meant a thing.	1	2
Not sure what price would be like without insurance.	1	2
So I had talked to the woman receptionist (wife of dr.) and asked if I could take hers for the $20 price and join them together for a longer massage.	1	2
It seemed like they didn't want to tell you a price and just bill you whatever they wanted.	1	2
The eye doctors helped me with multiple fittings and found color lens which are in my price range.	1	2
 I was worried, but the price came in at a very small fraction of what others had told me.	1	2
The doctor quoted me a price for the LENSES (excluding the frames) for my everyday glasses ( $ 500.00) and told me they could give me a deal on the lenses for the second pair of glasses of glasses I would need to read with while wearing my contact lenses ($ 250.00 or something.	1	2
They will actually call and price check for you and order medincines for you.	1	2
I did upgrade to the poly-carbonate lenses on both pairs, transitional on one pair so they turn dark when I go outside (which I love!), and the price includes frames that were about $75 each.	1	2
;-) Her price was about $100\/hr\/person + we tipped her like $20 from ea of us.	1	2
I know that it is an issue of insurance, however, whether the procedure is covered or not by your insurance (or a price range) should be addressed before performing the procedure.	1	2
Joe offers 5 star treatment for an unbeatable price of $12.50 per visit (if you're on the monthly plan), without needing insurance.	1	2
 I was quoted one price and paid before leaving.	1	2
 For the price of 1 box of contacts for each eye (a 3 month supply) it is the same price as a 9 month supply from online sites.	1	2
She quickly changed her attitude and said I had to pay full price because my insurance was not going to pay twice for a physical....	1	2
 I work in the same building and ventured in just to see the price list.	1	2
We were quoted a price for IUI of $800 plus medicine due to the special they were running on IUIs.	1	2
 You can buy a colonic session individually or buy a package deal for a reduced price per colonic.	1	2
Quoted price and encouraged me to start in this same visit.	1	2
The doctor simply makes up prices as he goes, they have no price range.	1	2
Before I went I called to ask their price and was told $55 for the visit.	1	2
The shop has a great selection of frames at varying price points (mostly mid-range), and ranging from pretty conservative to fashion-forward.	1	2
I'll be paying full price out of pocket back at my original doctors office next week.	1	2
When I made my appt, I was given a price of 275.	1	2
When I finally get there, after a fricking hour of travel, I'm told the price was 325.	1	2
I really feel so cold when my back bare outside for massage so I asked to add some hot stone, she told me I don't have enough time for hot stone then how about add another half hour, I didn't ask the price just say, okay.	1	2
Example:advertised price $10 for jacuzi end up paying $60 for 1 hour .	1	2
and i only know the price for a monthly membership, which is $54\/month with a $75 joining fee.	1	2
since i'm in a joint membership, my price is $35\/month (boy's is $54).	1	2
One of them was larger than usual but they quoted me the same price as the smaller warts for being so loyal to them.	1	2
Memory care price is all inclusive.	1	2
He was charged the regular price (even though there was a note on his account about the discounted price) and I caught it the next day (5\/23).	1	2
I have asked for a price over the phone and I was not charged for the quoted price.	1	2
 Walgreens advertises online price of $89-$129 yet for just a visit for a cold and to get a prescription they charged $260.00.	1	2
As long as the price stays the same I will continue to be a member.	1	2
She said since we're new customers, she can give us a special trial price of $50.	1	2
Quoted me a $300 cash price so I drove 1.5 hours to my appointment.	1	2
Now from reading the other reviews I guess I was suppose to haggle her on the price and it would have been lowered.	1	2
It is one thing to go to a store and see a price that you will owe for a service or goods rendered.	1	2
I tried her on a Groupon originally due to the price and location and I'm beyond glad I did.	1	2
 If you have a last minute schedule change be prepared to pay the full price of the massage as a penalty.	1	2
Three massages for the price of one pretty much at a high end salon.	1	2
Not impressed with the lack of notification of price changes.	1	2
 As I was heading out the door, I was told the price of the filling and of the crown and they might have time the next day to fix the tooth.	1	2
There was no coverage on our current plan but we'd be given a contracted price of $2500.	1	2
I tried to get an estimate for a cash price and the person on the phone was not able to provide.	1	2
Yes, they do ask if you're interested in different eye tests and they list the price but once you say no, that's the end of it.	1	2
She said there were thousand of test and they did not have a price for my cholesterol test.	1	2
Both times, the quoted price was what I paid and nothing more, nothing less.	1	2
Also, I requested a price quote for a mouth guard because I grind my teeth at night.	1	2
There is no way anyone would pay full price for these treatements.	1	2
When I called around to other dentist in the area there average price was $500.	1	2
The price advertised I think around $45~ for an hour outside but I think it's closer to $70~ including tax if you're writing under your insurance.	1	2
The reason for the two stars? The price I paid for on Groupon for a syringe of fillers.	1	2
My question- Going by your price list, I should be charged $55 for x-rays and $45 for the interferential machine (which btw was not helpful at all, and I didn't ask for that) and consultation is free, I should get my $100 back.	1	2
Still would pay full cash price to see my orthopedic not on Senior Dimensions.	1	2
I let her know I wanted to check on the price at Costco.	1	2
And they eventually got back to me what the price point of 1300 something dollars.	1	2
 Charge  1\/3 of the price of the home and mishandled the whole closing..	1	2
I pay a cash price that is what I would pay as a deductible if they were in my network.	1	2
I hadn't heard anything so in March I called to request an explanation of the price discrepancy.	1	2
I have an HMO and my insurance is only covered in my home state, this place seemed to have the cheapest price for a visit for someone without insurance(150 or 200 dollars I believe) it beat a plane ticket back home to visit with my dermatologist.	1	2
Still would pay full cash price to see my orthopedic not on Senior Dimensions.	1	2
They don't care and will happily price gauge you.	1	2
And for that price I will go to massage envy.	1	2
And his price for hospitalization kept changing, quoting 500 then 1000.	1	2
Upon checkout, I was told the price was 69.00, the price of a full body massage and foot.	1	2
And they eventually got back to me what the price point of 1300 something dollars.	1	2
Promised introductory price as initial customer for 65 dollars bit charged 100 .	1	2
 They were going to charge me for another full price crown, but after I balked at having to pay anything, they lowered the price to $300-400 for the crown and said it was a deal.	1	2
Original price was set as an \"estimate price\" of care.	1	2
Glovsky's services are charged at a price that was (a specified dollar amount) \"per month.\"  	1	2
All they need to do actually take it out and put in the box and charge the price ...	1	2
Dr Allen seems unable to keep other staff to service patients thus now you must wait a month or so to get seen.	2	2
He did internal ulcer scopes on my wife and my wife praised his service and staff therefore I scheduled an initial appointment since I reached the BIG 50 this year.	2	2
 They sure were quick about getting the co-pay though, and then I could not get my detailed receipt for proof of service for my federal spending account until after.	2	2
Thought I would give Yelpers an idea of the service here.	2	2
That at least shows me he is concerned about customer service and issues.	2	2
 Other than the traffic, we were able to get the little one quick service at the alternate location.	2	2
I rate the service from average to good.	2	2
Not excellent but a standard service value for money.	2	2
Yesterday, I called and got their answering service but they didn't return my call.	2	2
I didn't get her name but she had excellent customer service skills (the entire staff (the whole time) were polite).	2	2
Please keep in mind that I don't have a lot to compare to when it comes to spin studios - but the customer service was good and they do have quite a few class times on their online schedule, so it seems pretty good to me!	2	2
I don't mind a doctor's office trying to save money, but when you pinch pennies like this, can you imagine the quality of service you get from the assumed minimum wage office staff?	2	2
Parking is a little tricky but the customer service is worth the trickiness.	2	2
Empathy is truly one of the keys to health care and customer service in general.	2	2
This is a competitive segment of the health industry and customer service is key to survival.	2	2
Typical CVS with the usual departments - personal care, cosmetics, some food and drink and snacks, over the counter medications, a full service pharmacy and the like.	2	2
Today I left a message with the answering service because the meds in on for menopause is making me nauseous at times.	2	2
If you choose not to do this then you need to discount the service for the client for short timing them.	2	2
Well, to be honest I have had mixed service here..	2	2
I too in the service industry and take care of my clients well.	2	2
My husband is VA 100% service connected VA.,	2	2
I book my appointments out 6 weeks in advance to ensure I can get as much service for the 1 year package.	2	2
 Some tweaks to their service - is.	2	2
They say they didn't get it, dr's office said they sent it??? Who knows? Average service and wait times.	2	2
I don't know why people stay in customer service if they are angry at the world.	2	2
So why the 3 stars? Well, I won't be back because of a poor service interaction.	2	2
Additionally after every service I felt the product upswell was a bit much.	2	2
Customer service is huge.	2	2
Hopefully I can provide some insight on how to navigate the health service with minimal pain.	2	2
Reception needs to attend a seminar on good customer service esp Vas and Collen 	2	2
As a massage chain goes (which doesn't really even make sense because every massage therapist's touch is different, so you can't exactly guarantee the same service no matter where you go), I've always had a good massage therapist.	2	2
Even if the answering service failed to tell him my weeks of gestation, shouldn't he have asked? Or shouldn't he have remembered, considering I saw him 12 hours before that phone call, at my 35 week appointment?	2	2
I think the price is fair for the service you receive.	2	2
For a woman, every new town comes the search for two key service providers: a hair stylist and an OB-GYN.	2	2
Call me old-fashioned, but I still prefer to have a woman investigator on the job, and from numerous experiences, I have found that doctors with a solo practice provide better service in several areas.	2	2
 I spoke at length with Jean and expressed my concerns about the service my family and I were receiving.	2	2
 Jean was apologetic, sympathetic and made promises to make the further service much easier.	2	2
That was good enough for me as they couldn't just give me free medical service instead to make it right.	2	2
I was also the only customer at the time so it would be poor customer service for them not too.	2	2
Today, during open working hours the answering service says their phones are turned off.	2	2
The two floors beneath ground don't have any service (so you won't get calls or texts) and there's no WiFi like in most hospitals I have been to.	2	2
I like coming to this location only because of Dr Boor, came across when googling top doctors in the area, most of front staff members are professional expect for one young girl, she is not very pleasant, she chooses who she want to be courteous with, but Lula she is the best  professional, courteous, all the assistants I have dealt with are not very courteous, they tent to be like robots, don't want to hear what you say at any given time, one of my first visit had to put up with this one ignoring anything I said even when I had handed her a medical record she just pushed it aside, its like they are working for free in what they chose to do, I feel as if I was getting service for free, I wish I never had or have to use medical facilities because most people that are in this field they are miserable, it feels like you are walking into the DMV.	2	2
She listens to her clients and walks them through each procedures prior to any service so that her clients know what to expect.	2	2
I purchased my package through Groupon, typically my experience with Groupon is when you go to the place you've purchased your service from, they attempt an upsell, then if you don't get the upsell you tend to not get a very good quality product.	2	2
It's an important blood draw but I guess lives don't matter here!  The norm in customer service I guess!	2	2
Don't bother trying to call this \"24\/7\" service doesn't return calls.	2	2
I received the service I wanted & the option to pay were reasonable considering I did not the insurance at the time.	2	2
 The calls went straight to the answering service no matter what time of day I called.	2	2
This used to be our first choice for service but they forgot who pays their company.	2	2
 They are a busy, full service practice with a lab that is expanding.	2	2
 If you ever find yourself in need of medical care and want great service from professional health care providers who are dedicated to your wellness, look no further.	2	2
She has given a new meaning to the service a doctor provides.	2	2
You don't know what you're missing in terms of customer service if you are at a big chain pharmacy.	2	2
Great service and prices for people with no insurance, will be back as a regular patient	2	2
 They have a system they use to service their customers in a some what private setting.	2	2
I'm not sure how much a single service is at the moment, but I paid for a package deal of $380 for 10 × 45 minute reflexology treatments.	2	2
I finally get ahold of the answering service and they tell me I am at the old office.	2	2
The description of the service says: \"therapists use gentle and relaxing touch techniques,\" well, I beg to differ.	2	2
No one could help me no customer service number nothing.	2	2
The customer service is above and beyond.	2	2
The lady said she was sending her over alone to not make her nervous but to make sure she got my credit card before they perform service .	2	2
I've been taking my family here since they opened this location and can't speak highly enough of the service we've had.	2	2
If CPL already limits their locations and hours to save money, they should at least hire more staff to be more efficient with customer service and care, instead of only hiring, \"the bare minimum employees\" to get the job done  to make more CPL profit.	2	2
IMHO, the person who answers the phone should know a little bit about what a service covers, especially when it is a general question and involves no medical or optical experience or training.	2	2
Menu is the same as the typical thunderbird hospital bed service menu.	2	2
As a full service office they even offer massage and acupuncture therapy, which I am planning on trying very soon as well.	2	2
I'm giving this rating through the phone service they provided.	2	2
Since WHASN is the only available service that my HMO uses I will be leaving Health 	2	2
I soon shared with her, basically  I waited to  schedule  my final service  to  accommodate  her  leave.	2	2
I spent the next 5 hours calling dentists in the valley as well as a dental finder service trying to get an appointment I couldn't afford anyway to see what I could do, as far as emergency walk in, or deferred payments.	2	2
 We actually were informed my child needed a service that they could not provide, so the nurse set me up an appointment for the next day with the pediatrician.	2	2
The service here is unlike any other dentist experience I've had.	2	2
It is one thing to go to a store and see a price that you will owe for a service or goods rendered.	2	2
 The office has chiropractic service as well as acupuncture and therapeutic message services.	2	2
I have called to make an appointment, but the calls get routed to the answering service even though it is during their office times.	2	2
This is a full service facility that has imaging and a blood lab on site.	2	2
We offer some in-house testing along with the convenience of full service laboratories located at each location.	2	2
 In one of the service dates, they did not include Medicare payment or my supplementary insurance payment.	2	2
 I then got a bill in the mail six months later for a charge of service not reimbursed by my insurance.	2	2
It only cost me hours of my time calling their service line and my insurance.	2	2
 The experience was night and day to the service I received at Stonewall, where Kyle read questions off a piece of paper and sent me on my way.	2	2
I contacted the minute clinic number and spoke with a representative to ensure the employment health screening form I had was a service their clinic provided.	2	2
I changed locations thinking the service is standardized, it's not.	2	2
This is s full service dental walk-in clinic open 7 days a week.	2	2
I tried their Boost whitening service but didn't find it was a dramatic change and within a couple months my teeth look like they did before.	2	2
I decided to start with a service called TempSure.	2	2
Their triage nurse's answering service says they will return calls within 24 hours...	2	2
when you try to call the office, it goes to answering service never directly to dr's office.	2	2
I paid $125 up front and got half the service I paid for.	2	2
So far in the year I have had my braces on I've had one below average experience, which I will chalk up to them having a bad day, because it has been exceptional service regularly.	2	2
There service is convenient with your schedule.	2	2
What kind of customer service is this?	2	2
I paid $125 up front and got half the service I paid for.	2	2
I purchased a Groupon (90 minute service - 30 minute massage, 30 minute facial and 30 minute acupuncture) for this spa\/clinic.	2	2
If I refuse a service I have a right.	2	2
The people Dr Tomaro has brought to his practice are part of the exceptional service you will receive.	2	2
She talked me into paying for a years worth of service and I called a week prior for a scheduled cleaning to cancel an appointment I couldn't make and spoke with an assistant who has since left the business.	2	2
 I come from custom service where name recognition is extremely important.	2	2
First off, the quality of service is mediocre.	2	2
 Customer service matters to me.	2	2
This place is awful, the office is run terribly and service is mediocre.	2	2
The staff is friendly enough, and seeing as how its the closest 24 hour fitness place in this neighborhood, i suppose they get away with the price :)	1	2
I wanted to give this place 4 stars but the price of the gym alarmed me.	1	2
As for the price - it's the exact same if you sign up for a year, but you can cancel without a fee if you move more than 20 miles away.	1	2
I was there just asking the price, tour the facilities and get some information and they make you talk to one of their counsellor and you have to tell them your \"life history\" in order to able to get the different price structure..	1	2
I'm a workout fanatic, but I'll tell you what, this place isn't bad for the price the only downfall is that it's not that big, but it's really clean and quiet and you can workout without any hassle of bumping into people, etc.	1	2
You can get \"black card\" membership which is $9.99 which gives you access to all location, half price drinks, free to use facilities like massage chairs tanning bed etc.	1	2
The regular price is $89.	1	2
However, for the price it is a fantastic deal and a great membership to have.	1	2
 There's a 30 day free trial offer but I ended up not going through with it because it affected the price of the packages if you wanted to get them after.	1	2
 Second of all, the classes are 45 minutes including the cool down which is ideal for boss bitches trying to get things done, and lastly they have wicked deals! I got an intro price of $60 for two unlimited weeks.	1	2
 Same price with a much better selection of machines, free weights, and dumbbells.	1	2
So off the price topic-the space is cool and not intimidating.	1	2
 Trainer Jo was unwilling to give me a price quote upfront and was rude and pushy.	1	2
 I wish I would be able to return but due to the price I am unable at this time.	1	2
  Although my sister pays the same price and the competitors gym she goes to is much nicer and cleaner.	1	2
  You're better off doing Mountainside and attending their free classes for a quarter of the price or Cross Fit is only about 129 per month unlimited.	1	2
 He quoted me a price about double of what I've seen on the internet.	1	2
  With my student discount, their classes are the same price as Schoolhouse, and they are much more conveniently located.	1	2
  That would be one year right?  Nope!  My year didn't start until full price started.	1	2
 The price now was $799.	1	2
 The staff is super professional, AND The price can't be beat.	1	2
 Unlike the previous reviewer, I found the price structure to be clear and consistent.	1	2
 It is based on how many months you want to commit and how many sessions per week you want to attend, I believe the price is comparable to other Crossfit gyms, and is reasonable for what you are getting, which is basically small group personal training.	1	2
 All I wanted was a place to get out of the heat and lift and do some cardio which for this price why not.	1	2
 But the price includes a hand towel, filtered water, a block, and that high-quality mat cleaner spray.	1	2
  She had been taking tap\/ballet and I found the perfect class exactly in the time frame I was needing it to be in and the price was comparable to what we were paying before.	1	2
The catalog of services offered for the price makes it the best fitness in Canada.	1	2
 Not to mention the price tag.	1	2
 For the monthly price I would like a more full service gym.	1	2
 They offered a reasonable price to start their \"On-Ramp\" class so I decided to finally give it a shot.	1	2
 I don't know of any other studio that can match that price structure that offers the quality of services.	1	2
 The price of of the class includes shoes, towel and a very clean facility.	1	2
 There is a base price for using the gyms equipment, and any classes are charged for separately.	1	2
 Came back to shop to pick up my tanks and ask them about the price difference, staff said \"they have to charge more because the tank was freshly hydroed and their responsible for whatever happens to the tank\".	1	2
  Endless sparkling wine, snack trays, tea, coffee, and other beverages are included in the price - not so at Mario's.	1	2
 You can't put a price on that.	1	2
  And if you sign up for a package of sessions (and\/or prepay in advance), they're willing to scale the price to bring the total cost down.	1	2
 The price options vary depending on your commitment length and class attendance, saving more if you're okay with a longer commitment or if you want less days.	1	2
While Birkdale may offer some of the best faciilities, for me, the price and annoying nature of the employees at the management level cancels it out.	1	2
If price is a concern, there are definitely better options in the area.	1	2
 All in all, neither of us was impressed enough to say we would join this club, even though the price is very competitive.	1	2
I showed her the black card and very rudely she said \"what are you doing? What are we doing?\" so I explained to her I have the black card and always get the half price drinks..but she went on about how she's going to refuse the discount because my boyfriend was paying and made me go get my card which was an annoying and petty inconvenience.	1	2
I used to be a crunch member and I pay the same price with everything.	1	2
They have family plans that you can add under the main account for a cheaper price for a fee ($25).	1	2
A few critiques are that the price for a drop in class seems high ($15), also I didn't know it was going to be a hot class before i started and would have dressed differently had I known.	1	2
It's $15 for a walk-in class and the price is lowered to $10 or less per class if you buy 4+ class packages.	1	2
The gym also has a big back room which they sometimes offer classes at a descent price or free.	1	2
The Oxford isn't nearly as busy as LA Fitness, though, and while it does have the feel of a more \"privileged\" clientele that could turn some people off, the exclusivity might be one of the reasons that it's easier to actually get on the equipment that you want to use...but is the price for that convenience worth it? That's up to you to decide.	1	2
The instructors are great, and the membership price is unbeatable at 55\/mo for unlimited classes.	1	2
The price - and maybe individuals who have successfully completed the challenge will feel differently.	1	2
For the price I was paying, stuff like that is a minor inconvenience.	1	2
 But $15 for a guest pass?  Who charges for guest passes anymore?  Charge the damn hotel guests that price but not friends of members.	1	2
BTW they made me pay the Groupon price and I only went one day.	1	2
So far we love Crunch! Nice atmosphere, clean gym, and encouraging staff! Happy with the price and the nutrition store next door! Best gym I have found since moving to Phoenix	1	2
They were having summer special price until Sept.	1	2
the truth is most people do not pay the same price at all.	1	2
Checking the price point of unlimited classes, I'm thinking I'd be a tad hesitant to enroll, if only because the gym only offers classes, no free weights or drop-in extras.	1	2
There isn't anything at Pure Fitness that you can't find at another gym for half the price this gym is charging.	1	2
The price my husband was given was $130 a month.	1	2
 2 \"ladies\" told me the price was 28+tax for 2 weeks ($69\/ month)..	1	2
The fact that the classes are included in the price is insane.	1	2
*the price at full retail ($79)	1	2
This is primarily because the classes are so overbooked! Even when a class isn't marked as \"pole share\" on the schedule, you can almost guarantee that you will have to share a pole with someone, meaning that you pay full price but only get half the work-out! When a class IS marked as pole share (e.g.	1	2
 I'm old school in that I feel at that price point it should be instructor(s) only.	1	2
There is a base price for using the gyms equipment, and any classes are charged for separately.	1	2
If you only need a single club access, the price point is quite reasonable (less than $75\/month) and offers a decent workout in a pretty well kept environment.	1	2
I pay the price for the convenience of having a gym so close to my condo.	1	2
I would probably say that is the price you have to pay to concentrate in a gym because its quite empty (private gym).	1	2
 The price for a membership is competitive as well.	1	2
Honestly, for what Fit4Less offers, I don't think their price or gym quality is bad at all despite it's current rating...	1	2
Equip-The piece of equipment was out of service 4 the 10 wks I was training.	2	2
They have a full service equipment room where you can purchase anything you may have forgot or a something with Master Toddy's name on it.	2	2
Customer service is key in any business and this company failed miserably, not only in customer service but mostly for not being kind or coming across as they cared at all.	2	2
Full service facility (towels, shower stuff, etc).	2	2
*Organic cotton towel service (incl.	2	2
I was standing at the service desk for quite some time until someone finally acknowledged that I was there.	2	2
They even have a partnership with a service that delivers pre-made meals.	2	2
When I found out you need to give 90 days to cancel, and send A REGISTERED letter to a financial service in The States - you would think this would have been communicated or brought up when the membership was transferred to my name, ESPECIALLY considering I was only SUPPOSED to take it over for 2 MONTHS.	2	2
I contacted customer service multiple times, I totally understand their policy of not being able to tell me which questions I got right or wrong, but I asked them to please review things on their end just to be sure there wasn't an error being overlooked.	2	2
So I had to call to make sure I chose the right course! When I called, however, the customer service agent couldn't find me in the system.	2	2
This gym has every equipment needed for a great workout and enough equipments for everyone , open 24h from Monday to Friday there is no excuse to miss my workout, friendly service and geez people are fit & get u going!	2	2
It wasn't until halfway through prep course that I learned of the owner, Zach Forrest's prior military service with the Navy.	2	2
Towel service is a scam - you pay for it but receive a single towel.	2	2
but that  would definitely mean working on some customer service aspects, read making this a key point, imho! 	2	2
Come to find out the collection agency that they send after you for NOT continuing to pay for a service you no longer have is owned by...	2	2
   Website has frequent glitches in terms of service or sign up for group fitness.	2	2
They have a huge variety of cardio equipment, indoor running\/walking track, squash courts, basketball courts, free weights and machines as well as a shake shop and full service restaurant.	2	2
When looking for a new service I always check Yelp first.	2	2
The customer service team needs to help out more with things like heart monitors not working, they can clearly see the board and when someone is at \"0%\" they should at least ask them if they need tech help.	2	2
4) Elevators are often out of service which means you'll be waiting 5-10 minutes to exit because there is no opportunity to use the stairs.	2	2
Update: $19\/mo service fee is used to cover \"the ability to carry a balance month-to-month, enhanced concierge services and the support of additional staff and classes\".	2	2
 I feel like if you want to have a good customer base, you should invest in some presentation and customer service or else do not expect customers to come back...	2	2
 No frills or games being played with customers just good service and training.	2	2
That's the kind of customer service every store needs.	2	2
We are stuck paying $100\/month for 6 more months for a service we don't use.	2	2
Customer service is gone, member retention gone, and this member? Gone.	2	2
I didn't get any of that service that they mention where they have this room you go in and it scans your body and tells you all sorts of stuff you would need to workout on.	2	2
As a person who purchases items from lululemon at least once a month, the customer service that I receive from this store has caused me to no longer be a customer.	2	2
They do not keep up standards of cleanliness, building upkeep or customer service by calling you back when you have an issue.	2	2
Regular lack of towel service because the machines breakdown; broken shower taps; broken lockers; lack of disposable laundry bags etc.	2	2
However, today (after calling cust service for guidance) i walked in to see what could be done about a pair of pants less than 1 year old, that i clean carefully and dry correctly.	2	2
We were traveling through the area and stopped here for a workout, so I cannot comment on customer service or management.	2	2
What I look for is cleanliness, availability of work out machines, and customer service when needed.	2	2
The customer service is mediocre and most importantly, it looks nothing like a yoga studio until you head completely towards the back.	2	2
After reading the reviews on here my personal assessment of the gym and customer service seemed to be accurate based on reviews.	2	2
 If you're paying for towel service and don't have a corporate rate at the other chain.	2	2
 Although this service isn't offered on Sundays :(.	2	2
The online customer service simply told me every gym is operated privately so they can't help.	2	2
I guess I shouldn't expect small town customer service in a big city?	2	2
Another fee was already added again$11.30 for a service fee for my kids...	2	2
 Towel service is not available.	2	2
This review is strictly about the customer service At the front desk.	2	2
  There is zero customer service at Fit2YourCore.	2	2
 Combined with an indoor pool, sauna, steam and whirlpool, what more could you want?  How about water coolers that actually cool?  How about a cross trainer machine that has been out of service for 5 weeks now.	2	2
They have shower facilities and towel service which is very neat :-)	2	2
I told the customer service many times that they had the wrong number since I have never been a member.	2	2
The dining service involves a lot of sterling silver and several forks, and turtle soup with sherry.	2	2
I didn't actually go to a yoga class, but to a community art event they hosted for public service free to the community.	2	2
For the monthly price I would like a more full service gym.	2	2
Their service doesn't just stop the second you leave the gym, they are your support sytem throughout the day.	2	2
The members and number of trainers have grown immensely from when I started but the customer service is still the same.	2	2
There's also towel service for $10 a month.	2	2
They also have a nifty consierge service that will sort out your groceries at Whole Foods below or book your travel itinerary all while you work out.	2	2
* Towel service is available.	2	2
We received some lip service along the lines of \"your complaint has been heard\".	2	2
I have been a member at this gym since 2010, I find that compared to other gyms the service and variety offered can only be deemed average.	2	2
I thought the owner josh was a nice guy but  he basically said that he didn't care that i wouldn't be able to pay rent.To sum things up the worse costumer service i have had in m y life.	2	2
Would use this service again for minor ailments.	2	2
has a bike shop in the front and a service shop in the back.	2	2
The service shop is the bicycle world's equivalent of the soup nazi.	2	2
My review is based solely upon customer service at this location.	2	2
I think what I have learned here is that if you are unhappy with the service you receive, say something!!! Because Reggie really does seem genuinely invested in customer support and satisfaction.	2	2
This is a one time fee service ($50) but assessments are done every 3 months if we you ask for them (free of charge).	2	2
Just remember customer service is everything.	2	2
**This review is based on the service they provide to coupon holders**	2	2
       I've been in customer service all my life.	2	2
 Had a 3 hour service scheduled and was out in just over an hour.	2	2
They had smoothies at the customer service counter, but it wasn't really equipped for it, so everything was made from powders and stuff.	2	2
As a salesperson myself, I understand that great service is a huge part of selling.	2	2
I've been shopping around for a full service gym.	2	2
I own a small fitness equipment service company in the valley.	2	2
Towel service is included in membership.	2	2
 Towel service has been on and off.	2	2
 Towel service has been on and off.	2	2
The personal nature of the service is what convinces clients like me to believe what the trainer is saying.	2	2
3) The unlimited price at $200\/month is out of my price range and would need to come down or have another option, like 3x\/week for $125 or something.	1	2
I like the look of it and the vibe, however the end result & the price didn't meet the mark.	1	2
The entire massage was so poor that I stopped the massage in the middle, paid the full price and left.	1	2
 Their price is also in line with what all the others charge.	1	2
 The boxes have drastically gotten smaller along with the price is $5 or $6.	1	2
The fee for an eye exam includes the price of all these extra tests, so decide whether you think they're necessary.	1	2
To accomplish this, the advertised price should be what students expect to pay, especially in this day and age of watching our pennies.	1	2
Although the location was convenient, the price was competitive, and I ultimately passed the G2, I think this rating is fair given the negative experience I had with their other instructors, and the fact that it took over 6 months for me to complete their program.	1	2
review_id : Kma5KQ_GBw8d3k4varyCAg	1	2
Also, the price for math or reading is 125$.	1	2
 They have a price tag system that shows the date the item was consigned.	1	2
Also, this school is known for their nursing, especially their accelerated nursing program with a price tag of 67,000\/year and many of my friends who did this couldn't pass the exam to be a RN.	1	2
We looked at a few places and for the price ($33 a day) we decided to try them out!	1	2
we did a new years event and it was $75 per person (not sure if its different price for regular sessions), but we got 3 very sizeable strong drinks and a glass of champagne.	1	2
I was competing on the same level as them while only spending 1\/8 of the price at a private university.	1	2
 I corresponded with the owner over email we established a price per hour.	1	2
 But you know what?  For the price I paid at Marvel and considering the color was perfect, I'm not going to complain, and I'm definitely not going to take off a star for that.	1	2
Theresa saying\" did you discuss price is going to be more then the \"$75\" ? HELLO I am right here!!	1	2
The price of those classes? Well, couldn't get a straight answer but somewhere between $10k-$50k.	1	2
Tomorrow the price will be 40K.	1	2
The price is the same as a regular lesson.	1	2
 It is the same price but a WORLD of difference.	1	2
3) They shouldn't be putting a 450+ price on ombré when they haven't been offering it for that long(as you can see my face was the result) 	1	2
The professional pictures they say come with the price is really just the instructor snapping a couple of photos.	1	2
 The price was $475 for the three day weekend course.	1	2
The various aircraft available and rental price is the most competitive in the area.	1	2
The price is a fraction of other audio engineering schools, and since everyone in this business starts off generally as an unpaid intern cost and affordability is huge.	1	2
She's great about giving me the price up front and never tries to upsell me ...	1	2
Consistently good shows, but be aware that the ticket price may not be the actual ticket price.	1	2
But at what price to your child's safety and development..	1	2
My rule of thumb when visiting hair schools is never get anything done that would freak you out if it didn't come out exactly as you would like, I'd prefer to pay full price at a reputable salon for those jobs.	1	2
Parents were not given information about this trip until just a few weeks before, the price of the trip kept changing, and even during the presentation changes and updates were still being made.	1	2
One recent example I found was a cookie cutter and imprint set ring up at a price difference of over $12 over the competition.	1	2
 Got a chance to see Blue Man Group and Mystere at a discounted price thru the school.	1	2
 However, for the price point and the quality of the food served, you'd be hard pressed to find a better place for lunch.	1	2
Plus, where she is now, we get a sibling discount, I don't have to apply for financial aid every year (too time consuming and makes me uneasy when me and the hubs salaries increases), and the price comes down each year my girls move up in class.	1	2
Prices range from just a few dollars to, well, a few dollars more, so you are sure to find something that fits your price range.	1	2
The portions are not gigantic, but that's because the price is right.	1	2
   OTA method is based on price alone.	1	2
 In addition, I was charged an extra $10 for what I assume to be the price of the workbook they provide.	1	2
I don't mind paying a high price for things, but I need to see value for my money, and this school does not offer it.	1	2
-They are actually the same price as other programs despite seeming like more when you get the initial number.	1	2
3) in my discussion on the phone I was debating purchasing online vs in a store based on free shipping and ultimately the better online price which included a bag and other items in the \"fly more\" combo.	1	2
But if you want to invest in your future than 20k seems like a small price to pay if you start young and have a long career ahead of you.	1	2
review_id : Dq-ZIp30BxsJZQYQkoIIzw	1	2
He knows the right pace, how to explain things in simple terms, gives sufficient breaks with great refreshments, and really, really knows his stuff! The venue itself is amazing--well maintained, great big monitors in the lecture hall, and TONS of employees everywhere to help you sign up for more classes and spend even more money--yay! Honestly though, the price was STEEP.	1	2
For the price you really can't go wrong!	1	2
By the way, the prices are half the price you would pay at the salon, it does take a little bit longer because they are students practicing but I'm glad I tried it and saved me a few bucks.	1	2
Prices can vary a lot and I was surprised to see some items being sold at the same price point as Thon Phat (known for lower prices).	1	2
 At a minimum, PC students need to know about this place, since the quality and price of the food would actually fit within their budgets I think.	1	2
It was nice to know that some of my favourite instructors at the pricier yoga studios in town also teach classes at the Yoga Passage, but the difference in price was a little confusing.	1	2
Given the price of the services, they get a lot of broke-ass folks in here.	1	2
The price doesn't include lunches and they don't have cameras even in their earlier\/baby rooms.	1	2
Regarding the price the package I have selected covers 10 hours in-car and 20 hours in-class for a total of $399.00 including tax.	1	2
If you only want to get a certification or an associates for a good price than this is your place but if your aiming for the Stars like a doctor or lawyer than move on to university as quickly as possible.	1	2
I think it is important for families considering Trinity for daycare to understand you will be paying a premium price for glorified babysitters.	1	2
 They fail to meet my expectations for providing my child the attention and care he\/she needs for the price I pay.	1	2
Jackson Hewitt - Snooty service and quoted $550 for 2 years of taxes	2	2
Once inside, to receive any service, just queue up like cattle before reaching the service counter.	2	2
For example, most vendors or service providers would see the \"Statement of Work\" as the birth certificate of a project rather than the \"Project Charter\".	2	2
First quoted a rate of $130 for a single session with a specific instructor and after completing a large number of forms, upped the price for the same service to $200.	2	2
There are a tremendous amount of service opportunities available for all ages.	2	2
There is no food service available so either have a good breakfast or wait till it's over.	2	2
Last year the Leadership class ran a coat and food drive for the homeless, and they are already planning involvement in other service projects for this school year.	2	2
  I called Gaston County Preschool services and was told I could opt out of the food service program.	2	2
Cpcc customer service is like dealing with people at the DMV.	2	2
personal service instead of just signing in to a computer system.	2	2
Not sure what kind of program that is and if the students get proper customer service training because being a whole hour late and probably more if I would of stayed is not ok when dealing with clients and trying to build your clientele.	2	2
I can only speak for the service I received on a Thursday around noon.	2	2
The management has replaced the school run \"corral\" with the HORRID Michaels catering service in the \"new\" great hall, which serves much, much more expensive, less tasteful and less filling meals.	2	2
This review is based solely on the customer service of Bright Horizons and not the actual childcare.	2	2
Veterans Education & Transition Services (VETS) Certifies the enrollment of those veterans and their dependents using veteran's educational benefits, assists veterans transition to civilian life, and works as a liaison between the Department of  Veteran Affairs and other veteran service organizations.	2	2
He mentioned that the customer service I was given could be better so they're gonna go ahead & make the time I put in count.	2	2
Worship service is contemporary and can be a bit loud--but I like that!, If you're not a fan, there's earplugs for those who would like it softer.	2	2
I contacted her requesting her service and she replied back to confirm and give me details on how to send the deposit to her.	2	2
I personally like that they don't have a food service and you pack your own kiddos food so I know exactly what he is eating.	2	2
These are students and the service is free so be understanding to the fact that it might take extra time.	2	2
 Customer service on par with United and Delta.	2	2
The interesting thing is the school didn't call their client to ask about the instructor's performance after each lesson which means they don't have any procedure to assure their service quality.	2	2
I started this draft in August on the date of service and just picked back up so I'll let my point wrap with this: the teacher was out of pocket when it comes to chemicals like a relaxer that never EVER stop processing just roll with a direct answer and move on.	2	2
 How does the owner offer to replace the defective part for me and then change their mind once it is time to replace it?  Stay away from this place if you want any kind of good service after the sale.	2	2
 She proceeds to write down our names and service request.	2	2
There are many service projects, diaper drives, and encouragement to be involved in the community.	2	2
I did orchestra, babysitters club, community service club, and a program where I aided for a teacher at the neighboring elementary school.	2	2
They also have a pre- & post- service social.	2	2
It is \"a philosophy, a faith and a way of life.\" This could be the un-church Sunday service for YOU! 	2	2
The Sunday service is at 9am and 11am.	2	2
I know what it's like to provide a service to people that involves skill which is gained through hands on practice.	2	2
Full service facial and extra services included in great price.	2	2
Kids are encouraged to get involved with community outreach and participate in service projects.	2	2
I made an appointment to have this service done today.	2	2
I was promised lifetime service but have had trouble getting any since graduation.	2	2
 I was told service on my machine would take about 1 1\/2 weeks.	2	2
  \"No, but he was working on it now and it would soon be ready.\"  A week later I again called and this time talked to the service tech.	2	2
This place has a drop off service in the form of a pre-paid card for 5 visits for $200.	2	2
As we were leaving, the food service worker ran after after us to see if there were any food allergies that she should be aware of...not one teacher even thought to ask.	2	2
All service fees and tax go to Marca college.	2	2
 I was told service on my machine would take about 1 1\/2 weeks.	2	2
  \"No, but he was working on it now and it would soon be ready.\"  A week later I again called and this time talked to the service tech.	2	2
the phone # (855) 508-8867 isn't even in service \"recorded message no-longer working #\" and you get an email back saying they aren't accepting new students.	2	2
The owner and sales guy reflected the sunny day today, good personal service and staff that obviously knows their stuff.	2	2
 The auditorium where the service is held is gorgeous and I love the layout.	2	2
We noticed a lot of single and married people checking other people out during the service instead of focusing on the message.	2	2
As a business owner I know that In order to provide good service you must provide good service and kindly remind people if something needs to be done prior to time of service .	2	2
Skin, nails and toes are available service options.	2	2
Luckily, another facility knows what customer service is so I enrolled her there.	2	2
 There also are two full service restaurants (Aldo's Café and Steenbocks) located in the building.	2	2
There is meal service in a dining room with tables reserved for the residents.	2	2
Students are encouraged - and to a certain extent required - to engage in service in the community.	2	2
Staff often recommends to prospective students that the best way to get an idea of whether or not they should attend is to get a service done and talk to a current student about it.	2	2
So I dropped out of the courses I was currently enrolled in and the lady over the phone told me I might be charge $150 for the student service fee.	2	2
 I participated in a summer long service opportunity called Project Affinity where I lived at a house in Cleveland with other student volunteering at different non-profit organizations, participated in 2 alternative spring breaks (Seattle\/Tacoma & Atlanta) and also had the opportunity to study abroad.	2	2
I work in private service helping to run a multimillion dollar operation.	2	2
Five months later, I entered full-time service in a busy metropolitan household where I continue to thrive and utilize the skills I was taught.	2	2
If you are Jewish, and traveling through Las Vegas or just moved here you must come to Friday night service at the synagogue.	2	2
 Notre Dame students pretend to be Christian, but in reality they only perform Christian service to graduate, they don't really take that service to heart.	2	2
 The price was 18 + 5(hairline) + tax.	1	2
I also don't understand their price structure as my nails are a different price every time I go.	1	2
For the price I expect a job well done.	1	2
After consulting another staff member, the woman confirmed that the price was $15, so I went ahead with the booking.	1	2
But was played on price and clean up.	1	2
I would recommend you confirm the price based on your design and after any adjustments (if any) are made while the manicure is being completed (i.e.	1	2
The price is right but I've had mixed experiences here.	1	2
so just make sure you ask the price before sitting in their chair or they will make one up when you're done.	1	2
I went home and fixed it up and all was fine but for the price and time you are there for a haircut (I was there for an hour and 20 mins) you would think they wouldn't miss little things like that.	1	2
I asked questions the night before on price and showed the stylist photos of what I had in mind.	1	2
Upon arrival, my groupon was not wokring on my phone, so they let me pay them the groupon price and suggested groupon refund me since it wasn't working, which they did.	1	2
For the same price I'm just gonna stick with Smart Style.	1	2
The price is not competitive and the place needs a facelift, but sadly is the best option in the area.	1	2
I will get back to y'all and let you know how my kids ' turned out, and what they figured \"today's price \" should be....	1	2
The price I paid for a cut, color and going under a dryer not a actual brush blow  cost as must as 2 other SmartStyle for color, cut, blowout\/flat iron AND full facial and eyebrow waxing 	1	2
My hair stylist Carol went over what she would recommend, told me the price and I signed off.	1	2
I decided on a shellac manicure-full price $35.	1	2
Advertised price $15; actual price $17.75.	1	2
I recently scheduled a 90 min massage after receiving an email with a special price of $49.	1	2
Not complaining, but it should've been the same price to all customers.	1	2
 Very unprofessional to change price while in the middle of process.	1	2
I can't help but comment on Yelp's price guide.	1	2
They are just about the same price as the other places too.	1	2
Don't worry about price because you will never be disappointed with the A1 service.	1	2
Can not really touch on price as one of my friends treated me to my services for my Christmas gift.	1	2
The price was comparable to other places I've been.	1	2
I got a shellac manicure and a regular pedicure, for the price of 53$.	1	2
CONS: No price list *anywhere*, so you have no idea of services available and the prices.	1	2
Like their gel manicures are the same price as the dip nails.	1	2
She didn't have any of my correct paperwork and the price they were charging was different than I had been quoted over the phone.	1	2
I got the same price as anyone else.	1	2
Also the price list that was posted earlier isn't updated.	1	2
The price is comparable to similar establishments in the city.	1	2
The price was about $33, and closer to $40 with a tip.	1	2
 And the price point was on par with what I generally pay ($25).	1	2
For that reason, I went in for consultation beforehand and the receptionist told me the price range would be around 150-130$ for the particular style i wanted.	1	2
Needless to say, the cheap price of the manicure is shown in the work done.	1	2
When i was getting ready to leave, I gave the stylist my tip, 20% of the original price of the service.	1	2
I called at noon and asked to make an appointment for 3:30, the wife said that would be fine and quoted me a price of $40 for a \"pink and white full set\".	1	2
 Apparently the going price for this package is $150 because I paid $69 and it was supposed to be a 54% discount.	1	2
The face mask is one you can buy at Target, so you may or may not want to pay the extra price for that.	1	2
 We both opted for a shellac manicure, the $20 price also covers a removal of a previous shellac.	1	2
So we paid full price and left.	1	2
Groupon did refund the amount paid for the Groupon but still I was out of pocket as the Groupon promised $180.00 worth of services and my refund was for the purchase price of the Groupon of $59.00.	1	2
review_id : Ma1yLEfYLALFo323OY3l9Q	1	2
 The owner had a small chat with me and we made a plan where I would get the same thing from the same person at the same price and since then I've been there for a haircut and beard trim every 10-days for years.	1	2
Normal haircut price is $16.00	1	2
The price includes 2 sessions.	1	2
The second star is for the decent price $17 for Shellac no mani.	1	2
Honestly, Jennifer, you need to a) trust your staff to do their job and give price quotes according to your menu list.	1	2
Normal price of course.	1	2
The price was $30 for a women's cut without wash.	1	2
I paid $77 for a gel mani and pedi when the price posted was $60-65.	1	2
She told me regular price for 120 is $60 including tax.	1	2
I saw Courtney a few more times in between (no groupons available for purchase) and I paid full price, HOWEVER, her online price list stated Brazilian maintenance $35 bucks.	1	2
I live in Boston now, where the starting price for a haircut in a salon of equivalent quality starts around $50 (double what I paid at Abstract).	1	2
My pedicure ended up costing $35 which is the going price around here, give or take $5.	1	2
They  tell you one price and when you get done it's another price nails came off within 3 days......	1	2
At this point I didn't trust them to fix my hair again and already paid for the full price the day before.	1	2
I didnt ask her about the price and for that reason I did not dispute the bill.	1	2
  They explain what they can do with your hair and tell you your price range before doing your hair.	1	2
 Groupon did refund the amount paid for the Groupon but still I was out of pocket as the Groupon promised $180.00 worth of services and my refund was for the purchase price of the Groupon of $59.00.	1	2
I was told twice by two people that my nail price would be $45 due to the length.	1	2
I was quoted a different price for the caramel highlights on the phone by a different employee in advance; told him my hair length and everything.	1	2
At the end, they told me the price of everything we got done as they added it up in front of me, and then they gave me a receipt.	1	2
Then she stated the wrong price at the end because she didn't include the student discount and we nearly got into a fight while getting my nails done over it.	1	2
and the business will come, but when the hotel next door is the same price without the additional fee; it's no contest on who wins .	1	2
I always paid the same price as all other customers(more with my designs) I'm free advertising for them.	1	2
I called and asked for a price on eyebrows and they gave me a set price.	1	2
On the 2nd visit for a gel refill which was on the price and menu board but apparently wasnt offered.	1	2
They recently increased the price to 6 for $24, but they have occasional sales and $10 of $30 so we buy 12 at a time.	1	2
I called for sns pricing and was shocked at the price $33 plus $5 for nail extension (plastic nail over your real nail).	1	2
I was so amped with the price so i went in.	1	2
They told us that they do not use that hair & the price would be $110 to use their hair & for braiding.	1	2
She also let me know she would give me a fill for a discounted price ...	1	2
Honestly speechless I paid for the bio gels price and didn't even last for a week.	1	2
You get charged double or tripe the advertised brochure prices or the price they tell you as you walk in.	1	2
I would never pay their regular price because the stylists aren't good enough yet to justify that price.	1	2
 I paid a HEFTY price for my nails in Thursday and they were off by Monday.	1	2
Right behind my was my Friend who received the same cost and we had to remind him again that the cash price was $56 not $58.	1	2
  The price went from 175 to 75...	1	2
I've been to so many hair salons at all sorts of price ranges.	1	2
She wanted to charge me full price for doing what she was supposed to do the first time.	1	2
Kristy balyaged my hair which was  a different technique than prior but I trust her, and sign a waiver to have my hair rebleached as I wanted it cooler and not as golden...it had gotten brassy and golden..should be simple right to lighten existing bleach? My hair took a long time to do 3-4 hrs to be exact, once she washed my hair I was asked to pay as it was closing time, the service was $350 (same price I paid for colour correction with trim and style the previous time).	1	2
Was quoted one price on the phone and charged a different price when I got there after the haircut.	1	2
But it's a small price to pay for a good job	1	2
Before the cut, I think they should explain the reason they charge that price first to clarify if it's a regular cut or specialty cut.	1	2
I can't complain for the price tag.	1	2
She told me regular price for 120 is $60 including tax.	1	2
also they never told me the price of it until it was done.	1	2
Lady on the phone said $35 for an SNS manicure with fake tips, and I confirmed again that $35 was the correct price before getting off the phone with her.	1	2
He told me the price was 65 and then ran it for 9$ and come change more.	1	2
I was only disappointed one time and it's really my fault that I didn't say anything about it, because I think the owners would have either reduced the price or redone my nails.	1	2
I paid full price and tipped.	1	2
Under the membership club, you can essentially receive an 80minute massage for the price of a standard 50 minute.	1	2
 Would go back with another groupon because the regular price is $70! She did offer me $20 off my next massage if I book by tonight.	1	2
With Anna everything is included in the price you pay.	1	2
The groupon clearly stated that price included a full colour so I was taken aback.	1	2
For the price ($40) full set medium length with gel polish you just can't go wrong.	1	2
 The price list is not readily available and it would be nice to read descriptions of the different services offered.	1	2
The price has changed, it's $4.	1	2
Complimentary glass of wine! Same price as most other places.	1	2
I might try another service from them someday.	2	2
 When I paid for service she came out to the front desk to do something and I told her my name and that I was her original client, etc.,  She didn't really say anything to me.	2	2
We received similar service to that when I was there for my wedding.	2	2
However even though the customer service was mediocre I continued using this salon because they did a good job on acrylic nails.	2	2
Including rushing through my polish, making the coverage uneven, and skipping the top coat to get to this girl's service (which I suppose I'd understand if I had been late to my appointment or something, but I wasn't).	2	2
So I just walked out, having already paid the tax on the groupon before the service (and having chosen not to tip because she couldn't be bothered to finish my service or even acknowledge that I was leaving).	2	2
As well, I have paid for the service as per the deal they offered.	2	2
Which I have never done! I love it when the massouse is not chatty cathy! She asked a few question in regards to my service then never talked to me again! That is very important to me.	2	2
 I know other salons in the area usually add that service as part of the basic package.	2	2
Overall ok nail place but you do have to pay attention to the service in case there are issues.	2	2
I was expecting the service to be complimentary as I still had a fill left on my Groupon.	2	2
There is no doubt that your 1st visit at SportClips will be amazing because will will get their MVP package which includes hot towel service and back massage.	2	2
In fact, the service was non-existent.	2	2
Please fix your online appointment capabilities, people like myself who are busy and travel LOVE being able to do things online :) this service (to me) sets you apart.	2	2
I've read other reviews saying that you don't get a full 60 minute service and this is very true.	2	2
Unfortunately I was unaware they do a 40 min service regardless of what is needed.	2	2
 It really depends on who provided the service I guess.	2	2
The perk is that you can use their gym if you get a service with glow.	2	2
If scheduling more than one service ex.	2	2
No money off the service for making you wait .	2	2
 Didn't need to wait at all for the service on a Thursday morning just before lunch.	2	2
I sat there for awhile before they asked me what service I wanted.	2	2
 I have worked in the service industry and understand the automatic need\/want to defend yourself when you've made a mistake, but I was next to my husband and I know for a fact he did not mention the honeymoon or that it was our last day over the phone.	2	2
 I decided to go back and use one of my new coupons for a second pedicure -- same great service and quality.	2	2
 During the night I'm sure things relax a bit and perhaps the customer service isn't as pretentious.	2	2
As far as the actual service both of us enjoyed the pedicure and the color we choose.	2	2
I made sure to check the Forum shops directory, in addition to even calling the customer service office just to make sure.	2	2
While Nic was amazing,  but I cannot see losing time off of my service for an organizational problem.	2	2
I was given a hair history card to fill out and was taken for service on time.	2	2
 My God, that's 52 years!  I found over the years that the customer service is not the same as it was back then and I miss the Miracol facials and using that product daily like was once common practice.	2	2
I work in customer service and believe me..	2	2
Their wax irratates my skin Costumer service depends on wich esthetician you get, you either get an esthetician that is talkative and will talk to you to help you forget about the pain or one that will stay silent the whole time.	2	2
This nail salon is new and was offering 50% off one service within the first two weeks of opening so I decided to give them a try.	2	2
I have to be honest though- the service varies.	2	2
Given the level of service and personal satisfaction, overall 3 stars.	2	2
I thought I'd give their other location a try (the three locations are run by different family members)....not busy, got in right away, and no sneaky $5 service add-ons.	2	2
What I will say is that there wasn't anyone waiting for a service so I guess it was okay just not tactful in my opinion.	2	2
She talked through my whole service in another language.	2	2
Tip:  I know this shouldn't make a difference, but I didn't mention the fact that I came on a gift certificate!  We tipped anyway, but perhaps the person performing the service may think otherwise.	2	2
Again, I don't have other salons or spas to compare with, but it seemed like a good, basic service with a few little extras.	2	2
The service here was average, the girls just chatted with one another and didn't really create conversation with me or my friend.	2	2
They have many service combination options, or you can come in for individual treatments.	2	2
 The staff keep up to date on their training, and often have training sessions that regular customers can be invited to in order to try their newest service offerings.	2	2
I came for my appointment in the middle of the day, so desk service was quick.	2	2
I attended a wedding days after my service and so many friends and relatives commented on	2	2
 And the service states 55 min, I was out in 30 min.	2	2
Customer service was mediocre.	2	2
 Oh!  Also, just an FYI - you can pay for the service with a credit card, but the tip must be in cash.	2	2
however, you get what you pay for - the service is mediocre and the place is dingy.	2	2
If they have a cancellation policy that requires a customer to pay 50% cost of the fee if they cancel less than 24 hours in advance, then when their technicians \"cancel\" their appointments on the same day, they should offer to reschedule the service with the technician that cancelled, or another one, at 50% of the original price.	2	2
She was given the service by a man, who asked her no questions.	2	2
 Don't work in customer service if you're going to trip about a nail polish change.	2	2
As soon as you walk in the door, someone greets you, asks what service you are in need of and then lets you know if they can fit you in.	2	2
The 3 stars goes to 1 for decor, 2 cleanliness and 3 go to the service provided.	2	2
 I think if I go back, I will call a few days ahead and only get one service on the day.	2	2
I was contacted by customer service to help resolve the issue.	2	2
Uptown nails is a roulette when it comes to the customer service aspect.	2	2
She calmed me down (I was pissed) and helped me find what I was looking for and even gave me samples to combat the service I received.	2	2
Here some comparison: they offer microneedling for 350$, when the same procedure at Beachwood Goldman's place you can do the same service around 250-280$.	2	2
After entering to the room where my facial supposed to be, the service lady asked me to lie down on the chair.	2	2
While I did my time in customer service I always made it a point to make sure that I greeted everyone that walked through the door and I don't feel like that's the priority of the staff at the salon.	2	2
A good portion of the staff do not talk to their clients except to ask basic question on the service .Their work is good but they rush through and I find that they don't care what the client request .i have a fill done every three weeks but they continually do not cut the skin around the cuticles.	2	2
Quality of service varies depending on who you get.	2	2
That's the service and vibe I got from them.	2	2
 I hate going to corporate chains, especially for any type of service (in this case, grooming).	2	2
On the fourth visit though, I had a 4 PM reservation, arrived 10 min early and waited until fifteen after with no service before I decided to leave.	2	2
Let's see how their customer service is.	2	2
So I work in the food service industry & most companies require you to have gel powder & gel polish, so while I was waiting I checked the prices & it said:	2	2
You pay $5 to get a full set removed if you're getting another service done.	2	2
 The stars are based on past service which is hit or miss.	2	2
The service could be faster a bit.	2	2
They service water of course and then also this tasteless watered down green tea...or at least I think it was green tea.	2	2
I paid for this service and can't get there just anytime I want I have to work with my schedule.	2	2
The only downside is the staff don't talk enough other than the obligatory \"how do you want your hair cut?\"...not much customer service really: something that needs to be improved.	2	2
I would rate this place 3 considering the pros and cons, but the service itself gets 2 stars.	2	2
I have to agree to get a service in a separate room is much better...	2	2
 Sadly, a family friend passed away the week prior to our date and the memorial service was the same day as our appointment, causing us to cancel.	2	2
They are not very direct with how much they will charge you - they put certain prices on their price menu but will charge extra for every single service - if you want to know how much you are going to get charged make sure you tell them to give u final price - I went in for a 90$ service and got charged 130$ not including gratuity.	2	2
 Good customer service is when you don't assume anything about your client and you ask them how they are doing through the process.	2	2
Only writing this review bc I have been struggling to find a good barber since my guy moved to Georgia about that time & I feel anyone in the same boat as me should get honest reviews from ppl so they know what kind of service other ppl have gotten & they can make a good decision when it comes to where they spend their money.	2	2
Decided to show up in person to see if I'd have better luck as I needed room for my friend too, but the English isn't stellar (hey, no one is obliging them to be but they are in the service industry and it's nice to know you are being understood when you take the time to smile, speak slowly and ask your questions coherently).	2	2
I feel that part of the relaxation is not having to worry that the 'voucher' will be semi-interpretted, or they treat you differently because you're using one, or service is left out in terms of welcoming you and making you feel at-ease and even pampered during the treatment.	2	2
It's been a couple of years since I had gotten a service done from Flirt Custom Lash.	2	2
 They use exactly the same laser as the other place but the customer service is not what it should be.	2	2
 I should note that the whole service took less than an hour.	2	2
The word \"spa\" made me think they offered an extended list of services, but besides nails, the other service is waxing.	2	2
Multiple floors with every service you can think of for a day spa.	2	2
When I went to check out the owner was on the phone and I had questions regarding products to buy and prices for another massage, but she placed her call on hold, checked me out and was back on the phone without asking me any follow up at all or even how my service was.	2	2
The beautician asked me what kind of service I'm looking for & I told her I wanted to do eyebrow shaping & tinting so she went ahead with tinting first.	2	2
 I understand that different stylist will have different price structures, but I wish I would have known before I had the service done.	2	2
- Free with any service (Required) 	2	2
Anyways, you won't get much customer service compared to department stores.	2	2
Also, the service isn't all there.	2	2
I was charged $5 more for my service than last time.	2	2
